# Weekend of 14th -- 15th, July, 2018

This is hard for me to write. The weekend got off to a bad start and
ultimately exploded. Everything came crashing down, but -- just as fast
as it escalated -- it all turned around. However, in such a way that
questions are left unanswered. Perhaps that's for the best, but it gives
me a sense of unease.

On Saturday morning, I mixed the end of XXX's old hay into his new hay.
I did throw some dust away, but a lot was saved. XXX didn't see this
and, when she discovered that the old hay had disappeared, instantly
assumed that I had thrown it all away, against her wishes. It took a
considerable amount of effort, on my behalf, to convince her to believe
me (or at least drop the argument).

This set the tone for the XXX afternoon. I made sure we got there on
time, but because it starts early, we always have to join some random
XXX. XXX was also of the opinion that, because the usual hosts weren't
there, it wouldn't be as good. We ended up XXX a XXX she didn't much
like; I later discovered this was more to do with the attitudes of the
other XXX (or, at least, her perception of them) rather than the XXX
itself. The details aren't particularly important, just that things
continued to go downhill.

And downhill they went. I went to get lunch and returned to the start of
the next XXX. I thought that it was full, so joined some others who were
also having lunch. XXX instead made me join her. I later found out that
this is because she had a problem with the couple I had joined -- they
were particularly culpable of offence, in her opinion, from the previous
XXX -- however, at the time, it came across as her being needy. That was
my mistake, but I didn't have a lot to go on.

As I have written before, I'm not a huge fan of XXX. I'll XXX them and
-- for the most part -- enjoy them, but it's not something I would
actively seek out. Nonetheless, I don't complain and, when I'm at these
events, I take the attitude of making the most of it. This isn't just to
placate XXX, but also so I can enjoy myself. This is what I did and the
XXX we XXX -- and the people with whom with XXX -- was quite fun. XXX
didn't think so and became increasingly impatient. As the XXX progressed
-- much longer than she anticipated, or was led to believe -- her
impatience turned into her actively kicking me to get my attention, to
signal that she was bored and grumpy and wanted to leave. When I gave
her that option, she said she would let me finish.

The XXX ended and it was clear we had to leave in a hurry. I made a
token effort to pack up, rather than just running out, but ultimately it
was time to go. I knew I had to be super careful to avoid/mitigate any
backlash. Then the stand-in host asked for payment. We don't usually
pay, because it's unclear about how expected the donation is. I don't
have a problem with it, so happily just complied, but this angered XXX
even more; she already felt cheated enough, and having to pay for this
added insult to injury.

Personally, like I say, I don't have a problem paying. In fact, it seems
clear to me that the way these gatherings work is very much done on a
contributory level; either in terms of money or bringing XXX (or both).
Not until recently have I been able to persuade XXX to bring a XXX with
us. It seems, rather, that she expects these things to run for her
benefit, as though she were just a consumer.

Anyway, we went on to XXX -- with XXX venting about the company and the
situation, etc. -- to try to recover what was left of the day. By the
time we got to XXX and were walking, the rhetoric had descended into me
being partly responsible for this situation, or for making it worse.
Apparently I should have done more to appease her ill mood. What could I
have done, which I hadn't already? I tried empathising with her, but as
I've told her before, one doesn't go to pet a dog that's barking at you.
I was frankly very upset that she blamed me for this. I even lost my
cool with a dismissive "Fuck off!", which was fortunately lost in the
noise.

Eventually I managed to calm her down with dinner and the festivities
that we were attending in XXX. XXX even said herself that I had
discovered her weakness: food. I'll remember that, for the future. There
was no apology -- I don't suppose she considers herself in the wrong --
but at least the rest of the evening proceeded without incident.
Although, to be honest, I was pretty drained by this point. I wasn't up
for much in the way of conversation and -- as XXX was still in this
weird mood -- I just nodded and agreed to her thoughts (e.g., her litany
of stupid people, etc.)

Then came Sunday. It started off well enough, but this came to a violent
end. When we parked in XXX, XXX said we should bring a bag for the water
bottles. I said something like, "I already told you that I brought one."
I had already told her and all I meant by that is that we don't need
another one. XXX took it, I think, to mean that I was implying that she
didn't listen. (I don't actually know, but this is the only other
plausible reading I could contrive.) She hounded me on this point, over
and over, and -- given I was still upset from the previous day -- while
I tried to remain calm, I fought back. In a way, I'm pleased with myself
for not shying away and taking her onslaught, however I'm not happy with
myself for descending to her level. Ultimately I snapped and yelled at
her words that I now feel immensely sorry for and upset over: "I want a
divorce!"

It did stop the argument dead and, while XXX was initially quite
objective about it -- although her suggestion of "thinking about my
request" seemed a little odd -- it didn't take long for the
ramifications to sink in and for her to break down. I backtracked: I
don't actually want a divorce. It's true that I'm unhappy and that her
persecution of me is relentless, but I still love her. I've written here
that I see separation as a possible future, but it's not what I want;
the reason we're still together is because I want it to work. I still
regard our relationship as very precious. We walked mindlessly around
the back of XXX, in a daze, not really know what we wanted or how to
react.

Eventually we came to a stop. XXX wouldn't let me get near her and she
stood, in various states of distress. I hung my head and waited. I was
upset too; the last thing I wanted was to hurt XXX. I gave her space and
time and, when I felt it was appropriate, I tried making my case. I did
so apologetically, but objectively; I said how unhappy I was, but that
-- while she is inflicting her stress on me -- it's not exactly her
fault. I told her how sorry I felt for her and how much I wish I could
do more to help.

We went back to standing in silence. It seemed like an eternity.

Then, quite unexpectedly, she lifted her arms and came to give me a hug.
I hugged her back and we stood together, comforting each other for some
time. Nothing was said, but it is a moment I will probably never forget.

It was an exhausting experience for us both and we eventually went for
lunch. We were both reset and loving each other again. It is the
strangest thing. I fear that there may be consequences down the line;
not retribution, per se, but something. Nonetheless, the remainder of
the day -- and, indeed, since -- has been marked by respect and
understanding of each other.

We've not spoken about the incident. Perhaps it's best this way. I don't
know exactly how she feels, but I assume it's forgiveness and a desire
to make this work, as well as perhaps even a touch of humility after
coming to the realisation of how upset I am. I've felt pretty bad since:
I hurt her and I hate myself for it. I'm relieved that things didn't
break apart and will continue trying to mend things.
