# Tuesday, 14th August, 2018

It was all going so well, but we were both tetchy today and that caused
arguments to kick off in the evening. I was in this state because I was
tired -- having not caught up any sleep over the weekend, due to the XXX
event -- and felt a bit harassed by all the directions I was being
pulled in; XXX, apparently, felt like this because of the anxiety caused
by all the work we're having to do, in its various successes, regarding
moving home.

When I picked XXX up from XXX, things were fine. However, they broke
down immediately once we got to XXX: I wanted to use her library bag to
hold the shopping, because I didn't realise there was anything else in
the car. She didn't want me to use this because, although I didn't know
this until later, the bag was valuable to her (not really in terms of
its cost, but rather its utility and difficulty of acquiring). I was put
out because I felt that denying me use of this made my life harder than
it needed to be; which would have been true, had there not been another
bag in the car. However, at the point this had been disclosed, it was
already too late: we had both become defensive and were taking it out on
each other.

Because it was such a trivial matter, I said that she shouldn't be so
argumentative. I later changed this to "aggressive". What I meant was
"defensive"; which was my fault for using the wrong word, but since when
do adults care so much about someone calling them names (or "labelling",
as XXX kept referring to it as)? We were both at fault, I feel: me for
pointing the finger; her for overreacting. It took all of the shopping
trip and the drive home to resolve things.

Of course, tensions were now high and combined with our present
attitudes, it was just a matter of time before things kicked off again.
And kick off it did...

Earlier in the day, I had the thought that it might be a good idea to
overpay our mortgage to reduce the interest costs for the coming few
months, before our house is sold. You can only overpay by 10%, I think,
so it would make quite a small difference, but I didn't think it was a
completely terrible idea. When I mentioned this, XXX had other opinions:
Firstly, she claims you can't overpay at an arbitrary time (I'm pretty
sure she's wrong about that: she's confusing the overpayment with the
early payment, but I felt it best not to argue), that the cashflow for
us would be more important and that it would compromise the plans she
had made with her parents and any subsequent mortgages we take out.

The only argument that holds any weight is the cashflow one and I agree
with her; I hadn't thought of that. I was largely unaware of "the plans"
she has with her parents and, regardless, it would have made such a
small difference that any effect it would have on future mortgages would
be negligible. As I say, this was just a thought of mine -- that I felt
might be useful to express -- but she took it as something that I want
done, regardless of the consequences. I don't know why she took it like
this and it concerns me that she did.

She segued this argument into something I had said a few days
previously. That is, if she could find a job before we buy our next
house, that would make it easier for us. This is objectively true: I
believe XXX's could command a good salary and, together, it would give
us a better mortgage than on just my salary alone. She spieled out some
nonsense about loan-to-value ratios, that seemed completely irrelevant,
and again made the point that it interfered with her and her parents'
plans.

At this point, my knowledge was: XXX's parents are giving us a
significant, but unknown amount of money to help us buy our next house;
we'd still need a mortgage, so we'd still need income, presumably from
work; and XXX doesn't want to get a job. I think it was therefore
reasonable for me to feel annoyed: given the above, it follows that she
wanted me to continue financing our lifestyle, using the proceeds from a
job that she knows I don't enjoy and after sacrificing the last 4+ years
of my time for her to complete her XXX. I didn't say as much, but it was
clear I was annoyed and I said some things that could have been
construed into me not wanting to be supportive. (I maintain that I said
the wrong thing, or said it badly such that it wasn't clear, given my
tiredness; which, incidentally, XXX is largely responsible for.)

Anyway, it turns out that XXX had other plans that I was completely
unaware of: Apparently the money she will receive from her parents will
be enough for her to potentially acquire a buy-to-let property, to get
income from the rent. I didn't realise this and I actually think it's a
good idea (providing I'm not cajoled into doing all the work for her).
However, I don't think she'll make much profit: it'll take a bit of the
edge off, in the future, but not as much as a full salary would. She
also implied that this plan takes precedence over our house buying plan,
in the sense that my parents still need to contribute. She repeatedly
made this point, as though she had some idea that I would try to leech
off her parents' money. She speaks for herself, I think.

Tangential to this new found knowledge, I also said something like,
"Won't that be unfulfilling?" I meant this -- quite obviously, I think
-- in a caring sense: she can do so much more than just being a
housewife (although, to be honest, "lady of leisure" would be a better
description) and I was concerned for her. She didn't see this as concern
and again lashed out at me. I was rather hurt by this.

Anyway, this too eventually resolved itself. However, again, XXX
returned from the bathroom full of anxiety. What now? Apparently our
earlier fights had rekindled her anxieties over our relationship and
how, several times, it had almost come to an end and that the
consequences of this evening were no different. I pointed out that she
too had also wanted to end it at least twice and, as for the
consequences, I made the point that one shouldn't measure someone by
something they did nearly 10 years ago. It took a lot of persuasion to
convince her that there was nothing to worry about. Also, if I say so
myself, a great deal of humility on my part (I realise how ironic it is
to state that!): XXX said a number of hurtful and incorrect things, at
my expense, based on her beliefs. A lesser person would have reacted to
these sleights.

However, it is worth mentioning one. She claimed that, after the near
breakdown of our relationship in mid-2016, the reason why it happened
again in late-2016 and, indeed, the reason her XXX became so
particularly painful for her, was because I had said that I was unhappy
and that it came down to a choice between me and her XXX. This is the
first time I've heard this argument; however, she repeated claimed that
she told me that this was the case. That is, the reason for our mid-2016
breakdown was because I was unhappy and that was because of her. She
even claims to have written evidence of this.

Either I'm much more forgetful that I realise, or this is the first hard
evidence I have of her gaslighting me. XXX doesn't actually know the
real reason for our mid-2016 breakdown -- or the reason why I was
unhappy -- it was related to her and our increasing distance, but I made
a point of never telling her this. Maybe I'm paranoid, but I've always
felt there was something not quite right. All my concerns of her
manipulating me, subjugating me and emotionally abusing me have come
flooding back. I was successfully duped again.

After everything was eventually resolved, we sat and watched TV. Her
lolling about in her underwear and hairy armpits; the very caricature of
slovenly self-entitlement. She's never getting kids out of me.

# Wednesday, 15th August, 2018

In the morning, while I was working from home for her benefit, she asked
me what I was doing. I said I was working and she asked if I was working
on the covering letter for XXX's job, because I said I would spend an
hour a day working on it. I said that I wasn't and she pushed me to get
it done. I should have never mentioned to her that I was interested in
XXX's job: She wants me to get it, because it would increase my salary
and, presumably, she feels this justifies her decision to not work and
generally be a waste of space and consumer of society. Of course, her
very own constraints that require me to work from home for her will
probably be enough to kill any hope that I'd get the job, so that would
serve her right.

We almost came to blows, once again, but I nipped it in the bud quickly.
This doesn't change my disappointment in her, though.

Again, in the evening, when I picked her up, she was short tempered.
This was mainly due to the criticisms she had received for her XXX
(incidentally: why go to the trouble of the XXX, if you have no
intention of using it?) and while I tried to convince her otherwise and
show her a positive perspective, it went largely unheard and things
began to degrade. We went to the gym to shower and, afterwards, she
fortunately seemed fine.

One final point worth mentioning, though, is that during dinner, she
agreed with me that applying for XXX's job was a long-shot. Up until
then she had been enthusiastic about the idea and the change in opinion
was quite jarring. It came across as slightly undermining, if I'm
honest.
