# How to address pathological imbalance in a relationship

**tl;dr** My wife treats me, at best, as her PA and, at worst, a slave
rather than her husband. This is arguably self-inflicted, but is
regardless due to our different personalities. I can't change her
behaviour, so what last-ditch change can I make to redress the balance?

My wife is intelligent, but uncompromising. If a disagreement occurs, it
generally escalates into a fight. I am easy going, albeit passive and
conflict-averse. As such, I will often yield rather than persist. Very
often, while it may take me too long, I see that the kernel of our
disagreement is trivial -- i.e., not worth fighting over -- and/or that
her position is reasonable, in the sense that it's logically sound.
That's not to say I'm stupid or hold unreasonable positions, but I would
say that my wife can outwit me in these high-stress situations and that
I'd rather concede than incur damage. To be perfectly honest, I don't
believe fighting -- as opposed to debate -- achieves anything.

There is, in addition, a cultural impedance mismatch that causes further
problems. I tend to speak more indirectly, perhaps assume too much and
can sometimes resort to sarcasm. To my wife, these come across as
ambiguity and hostility, respectively; whereas, in my culture -- in
which my wife is assimilated -- they're more about politeness and using
humour to defuse tension. She, on the other hand, tends to be -- in my
opinion -- very direct, on the verge of being offensive at times, and
never assumes anything. (While we both speak English, my wife is not a
native speaker and this can exacerbate matters from simple
misunderstanding.) I have tried very hard, over the years, to be
clearer, plainer and more objective -- relatively successfully -- but I
cannot mechanise myself completely, especially in the heat of the
moment. She, on the other hand, has not reciprocated in granting me even
simple things, like the benefit of the doubt or remaining calm.

We have been married for seven years. We own a house together, but don't
have children. When we're not fighting -- which, while most of the time,
is decreasingly so -- things tend to be relatively happy. However,
during those years, I fear that my acquiescence has set a precedent. One
might believe that each concession breeds resentment in me, but I am
generally very forgiving; I have neither the time nor energy for
grudges. Nonetheless, my wife's demands are becoming increasingly
one-sided; aggravated by the mental health effects of prolonged (albeit,
objectively temporary) external stresses. I have accommodated these
inasmuch as I am able (and qualified), yet I feel as though I am still
not respected. While this is problematic in itself -- and has been
symptomatic for years -- it becomes pathological when our differences
are non-trivial and I do want to assert my position.

These critical difference are few, but potent:

* My Parents: I love my parents and want to spend time with them; at the
  same time, I'm an adult and so don't want to impose on them. My wife
  does not like my parents and, because we live far enough away,
  effectively restricts my access to them. The few times a year when I'm
  "allowed" to see them, I either do so alone or our time together is
  otherwise limited. This even applied when my grandmother died. She
  also pushes me to seek assistance (usually financial) from them, with
  an expectation that they should conform -- because that's how her
  parents would, for better or worse, react -- while, importantly,
  without her showing any gratitude, regardless of the help provided.
  It's not that I won't ask for help, but I don't approve of expecting
  help and then returning no appreciation.

* Where we Live: I do not like living in big cities and want access to
  the countryside. That's not to say I prefer living in the middle of
  nowhere; I also need stimulation, so big towns/small cities are ideal.
  My wife grew up in a huge city and finds anything smaller to be rural
  and claustrophobic. While we currently compromise by living in/near a
  small, vibrant city, it's clear that this is done somewhat
  begrudgingly and the issue is perennial; my wife won't be happy until
  we're living in the centre of a metropolis. What really annoys me
  about this is that, when we did live in a huge city, at my expense,
  she didn't make the most of it.

* Fairness, Neediness and Jealousy: I am the breadwinner and contribute
  almost all my income into our lifestyle. It is very rare that I am
  able to save or treat myself; if I do, the viability of doing so is
  often questioned by my wife. She does contribute financially -- and I
  don't begrudge the difference in our incomes -- but often consumes
  unnecessarily. If I object, this will categorically cause a fight. To
  be fair, she has been more balanced about this, recently; however,
  when it comes to time, it's a completely different story. Besides
  work, I invest almost all of my waking time into chores, etc., while
  she spends approximately zero. (For example, it's common that I don't
  even have the time to brush my teeth!) To be fair, she does
  occasionally offer to help, but this is few and far between and is
  often, in my opinion, calculated to limit what she actually does.
  Anyway, this situation has occurred for a variety of reasons on both
  our parts, but could perhaps be summarised as my wife's expectancy
  (and that it's easy to be lazy) and my submissiveness (and willingness
  to please). If this weren't already bad enough, it's made her highly
  dependant upon me such that I have to do what is requested of me --
  following its specification and constraints as closely as possible,
  even if they conflict -- lest it cause further argument. Again, on the
  other hand, when I want to do something or suggest how something can
  be done, it will be shot down. It's become easier and safer to just
  agree.

If any of these points come up, I know that I'm going to be in for the
long-haul and the argument will become thermonuclear. This includes
shouting, screaming, tantrums and destruction. (To be clear, my wife has
never inflicted this aggression physically against me. I also don't
believe that it would escalate to this.) I've learned to recognise many
of the signs and can nip it in the bud before things spiral out of
control -- again, to the detriment of my needs -- but I'm not always
successful. I always try to remain calm and try to see things from her
perspective, but again I'm not always successful. That said, it's clear
that these conflicts have become as one-sided as our relationship and
it's getting to the point where I might classify my wife's behaviour as
abusive. I am considering leaving, but despite all this, I love her and
do not want to cause any hurt.  (Arguably, in the long term, not leaving
will cause more damage, but given the choice of taking damage over
inflicting it, I'll always take.)

You might say that we should seek couple's counselling. That suggestion
was dismissed as a waste of time/money and even that my "objections"
come across as "strict, stubborn requirements" and are thus my problem.
(It is exceptionally rare that my wife will concede or even apologise,
even when it's appropriate.) She may also take this as criticism, which
is interpreted as a personal attack and thus is another area of
contention that's bound to explode.

Another suggestion might be for my wife (or myself) to seek the help of
a mental health professional, given that such issues are comorbid with
the problem. We tried, but I have no time and she -- who has access to
free support -- seems to always end up on the wrong side of them. I try
to be supportive of what I'm told has happened, as that's the only
information I have, but worry that my wife is the common -- although not
necessarily actively obstructive -- factor in the equation.  She does
take some advice, albeit somewhat cherry-picked. For example, doing
things other than her work has become the justification for her
mercurialness and spontaneity.

[My attitude / "too" organised, etc.]

I don't really have friends, any more. Even if I did, I wouldn't have
time to see them for support or -- as with my parents -- would be
indirectly prohibited from doing so. (This is doubly true if they were
female.) Where else do I turn? I feel as though I've reached the limit
of my communicative and listening abilities.  Despite what my wife
repeatedly and, in my opinion, hypocritically states to the contrary, I
believe I have exhibited the patience of a saint. It seems to me that,
to help the situation -- if it can be helped at all -- it needs to be
balanced, however I do not see how I can achieve this without any
engagement from my wife or without invoking conflicts on a scale that I
cannot personally deal with.

What can I do?
