# XXX

This is not the usual tribulations about XXX's treatment of me. Rather,
I've noticed that the way in which she treats XXX has become
decreasingly what I would expect or approve of. First off, I want to
categorically state that I don't think XXX is mistreating him and this
is largely my opinion, which is obviously biased towards being more
gentle, but I just want to state my feelings.

When I play with XXX, I'm generally very gentle and don't raise my voice
at him. If he's being stubborn, I might mildly express this, but that's
more for my benefit than his; I don't believe he understands, so it's
just to relieve tension on my behalf. XXX on the other hand is quite
heavy handed; she says "he likes it rough" and, to her credit, he does
do the tooth-purring thing when she's playing with him. As such, while
it's not my thing, I'm inclined to believe her.

However, there are a few things that I think XXX demonstrably doesn't
like, which she persists with:

* I never approved of catching XXX in his litter tray, so he could be
  more conveniently placed. It seems like it's asking for trouble --
  and, a few times, he's escaped -- but even if not, it's quite a
  confined space for him, which doesn't seem fair. Anyway, as time has
  progressed it's become increasingly difficult to catch XXX in this
  way; he is very reluctant to get into the litter tray when we're
  around. This suggests to me that while he may like the cuddles he gets
  afterwards, overall he doesn't like it.

* XXX doesn't like to be picked up and, if you do it wrong, he will
  struggle. I've read that bunnies need their lower half supported when
  picked up to help them feel safe and to avoid injury; I try to do this
  if I ever need to pick him up. I've told XXX to do this -- but,
  crucially, I haven't gone into detail as to why, because that would
  probably cross the "talk to me like a child" line -- but she never
  does. She also regularly either picks him up or puts pressure (as
  though she were about to pick him up) on his tummy: he doesn't like
  this, as anyone would probably expect.

Yesterday evening, while playing with him -- after eventually getting
him in the litter try -- XXX picked XXX up and he struggled a lot. We
both ended up getting scratched and it created a lot of mess, but
frankly I feel it was deserved (not that I was complicit, beyond failing
to object for my own peace of mind). The poor thing really doesn't like
it yet, thereafter, XXX has the audacity to insist that XXX is naughty.
He's a little bunny, reacting to what, at best, is uncomfortable and, at
worst, a threat; he's not naughty at all.

I already feel bad about how XXX is treated: He's stuck in a hutch
almost all the time; he doesn't get to run around much (although
hopefully that will change soon); he's on his own for much of the day;
his food is, for want of a better term, restricted by XXX's weird
obsession over not wasting hay; he gets complained at when his poop
smells; and now he has to deal with heavy handing. It's true that he
flops and purrs and seems genuinely happy, most of the time -- perhaps
I'm just being too sensitive and protective -- but I wouldn't treat a
bunny like that: He's not a toy.

Of course, if we do ever separate, it seems certain that XXX will take
custody of XXX. I'll miss him, dearly, and worry for his well-being,
but XXX needs him more than I do.
