# Weekend of 30th, June -- 1st, July, 2018

On Saturday, we went to a XXX taster day in XXX, as a precursor to the
main event some time in August. Fortunately, XXX was in no particular
hurry to get their early -- doors opened at 9am, I think -- and she
encouraged me not to rush. We set off on the long drive and cracks began
to form.

Firstly, there was traffic on the M25 -- not unexpectedly -- and the
satnav found an alternative route to avoid it. We took this, but because
the satnav isn't very good at giving clear instructions, I got on the
wrong exit lane. "Oops, this is the wrong lane, I think." I said. That's
literally all; there was no frustration, annoyance or aggression in my
voice, I was simply stating a fact. I corrected my mistake, but that was
apparently enough to trigger XXX. She snapped at me that I should keep
such things to myself and she had already told me, not long ago, that I
shouldn't tell her things that I wouldn't tell a child and that I was
basically talking to myself, so I might as well not. Frankly, I was
dumbstruck with how disproportionate and apropos of nothing this
reaction was. I didn't know how to react, so I just shut up and remained
mostly silent for the rest of the long journey.

Of course, I made a few other mistakes in the meantime -- again at the
satnav's behest -- and these too were met with unreasonable ire. When we
finally got to XXX, I was not happy, but swallowed any external
portrayal of such. XXX was clearly short tempered and I can't for the
life of me understand what set her off. This continued while we were in
XXX for lunch; including her being dismissive and even, hypocritically,
exaggerating and impatient as we had lunch. Fortunately lunch was good
-- and I'm so glad they took credit cards, because I had no cash and I
didn't want to have to deal with that inevitable fallout, should it have
happened -- and that seemed to take the edge off.

We continued to the XXX venue and XXX had a good day. It was fine for
me, although I had a terrible headache and was obviously upset about my
aforementioned treatment. The venue also overcharged for things, which I
mentioned in passing, but not -- in my opinion -- a negative way. The
drive back, as far as I can remember, was uneventful (despite my
headache) and we got home late.

The day after, XXX mentioned how much she had enjoyed the day and that
it really cheered her up. I was glad about this, of course, but -- as
always -- no mention was made of her behaviour towards me. Nonetheless,
she did spontaneously reimburse me: I wasn't expecting, nor did I ask
for this, so I assume it was her way of either apologising or at least
making her appreciation known. She then let me rest on Sunday morning,
as our plans for the day didn't start until the afternoon.

I only rested for about 20 minutes longer and also took the time to take
care of myself, so only "wasted" about 40 minutes in total. Nonetheless,
as the afternoon approached and it became clear that everything XXX
wanted to do couldn't be fit in before we left, she became obviously
impatient. Still, we went out in the afternoon and had a pretty good
time: We relaxed in the sun, in the park, listening to the jazz band; we
had ice cream and we got XXX's shopping from the Chinese supermarket.
Apart from the other park-goers who seemed intent on encroaching on our
space, it was a good afternoon.

We returned home and I made dinner. I started early, because it takes
some time, but it was done and served well before XXX's arbitrary cut
off time. When I called her, she came down and turned the TV on. I asked
a few questions about why and what she was interested in; my only
intention being to learn what she was up to. She was watching football,
which is somewhat uncharacteristic -- and at dinnertime -- so I just
wanted to know why. She had spoken with her dad, earlier in the day, so
I thought perhaps that she was watching so that she would have something
to talk about with him. I was merely interested, perhaps so I too could
find something to talk about with her. Of course, she did not take it
like this at all and all Hell broke loose.

Apparently, she took this as me questioning her actions in some kind of
interrogative style. As though I forbade her from doing anything. She
said that she wanted it on in the background as a distraction, because
she doesn't like where we live. Fair enough; I hadn't thought of that,
but I certainly don't have a problem with this, nor would I stop her
from doing so, if it helped. She insisted, however, that I was standing
in her way, making her feel trapped in XXX and that she hated it. She
was being loud, sobbing and rather unreasonable, but it was clear to me
that I actually hadn't done anything wrong, and she was just taking her
issues out against me. While I don't appreciate this and I don't
appreciate being blamed falsely, I tried my best to stop any conflict
arising and to support and soothe her. My efforts were enough to stop an
argument, but she still held me responsible and she was still pretty
distraught.

Eventually, after she had dismissed all my ideas to make her feel
better, she asked that we go to the pub in XXX to play XXX. I was happy
to do so and, after meditating -- which, too, was not without incident
-- I took her. The pub was closed (it was late on a Sunday). She began
to crack again, but I whipped out my phone and desperately searched for
a pub in the area that would still be open. I found one and we went. I
bought her a drink and we started setting up. We didn't actually play in
the end, because it was so noisy in the pub because of the football, but
this was apparently enough to help her out of her funk. She feels
trapped at home -- which I understand -- but she blames me and that is
not fair. I'm not doing anything to stop her going out, actively
encourage her to do things and, whenever she actually does want to do
something, bend over backwards to facilitate that.

I've recently learnt of the term "gaslighting"; meaning seeding doubt in
another's sanity through psychological manipulation. I don't know if it
counts if its unintentional -- I have no evidence to support XXX being
intentionally manipulative; it may just be her nature -- but I believe I
am being gaslit and this is a textbook emotionally-abusive relationship.
She holds me responsible for a lot of things -- mostly trivial and many
that, I believe, aren't even true -- and, because she knows I'll shy
away from an argument and am passive, largely gets away with it.
Whenever her behaviour goes too far and I can see through it, she comes
up with an excuse. For example, she mentioned that the summer heat was
making her irritable; that's a good excuse, had she not already stated
that she likes this temperature.

The only confounding factor for her behaviour is her period.
Anecdotally, I have observed that about a week before and a week after
are particularly unstable times. The timing is about right for this, but
I don't think it should matter. I don't suffer from this, obviously, but
the best part of 3.5 billion other people do and life goes on,
regardless. I do so much to make her life better, but apparently that's
worth nothing. Less than that, even: apparently I still deserve to have
my low self-esteem and insecurities exploited for her ends.
