# Long Weekend of Thursday, 5th July -- Sunday, 8th July, 2018

XXX decided long ago that we should go to XXX on the Thursday. I believe
this was largely to avoid having to go to (or be anywhere near) a
conference set up by her XXX, that she had no interest in but had been
volunteered into (against her will). Fair enough: I had to take a day
off, but it's been a while since I've had any time off, and off we went.
Unsurprisingly, the main event was visiting the XXX that exists there,
but it was generally a good day: The weather was nice; we had good food;
incredibly, we both agreed that we liked XXX and could see ourselves
living there; and we were in good spirits. The driving was long -- over
four hours -- but given how successful the day was, it seemed a small
price for me to pay and did so gladly and uncomplainingly.

The next morning, XXX told me she had reimbursed me for her share of the
trip (amongst other things). I hadn't asked her to do this, nor had I
mentioned the cost on the day, so I was rather overwhelmed. Could things
be turning a corner? We were both really happy on Thursday and that
appeared to continue into Friday. (One thing worth mentioning, by the
bye is that XXX used my grandmother's funeral as an excuse for getting
out of her thing. My grandmother's funeral was over a year ago and,
while I didn't mention it, I found that a tad disrespectful; especially
in light of XXX's past profiteering of grandma.)

Indeed, as the day progressed, things seemed remarkably good. I, taking
another day off, did some housework, but spent a large amount of my time
tending to our back garden. I made considerable progress and, when I
came in for a drink, XXX told me that she had booked a table at a
restaurant as a treat. On her, for all my hardwork in the garden and
proofreading her XXX. I could barely believe my ears. Anyway, she kindly
took us out and then we went to play XXX in the motorway services before
going shopping. Again, it was a good day and I was further convinced
that things were on the up.

This has largely also been motivated by underlying evidence.
Particularly, as XXX is getting very close to finishing her XXX, this
source of pain for her is slacking off. Moreover, because we are
increasingly actively talking about moving, this is encouraging to her.
However, unfortunately things didn't last. Indeed, in retrospect, I was
again perhaps too quick to forgive, as this was more like the calm
before the storm.

By Saturday, the demands started to come. I was asked to move my jeans.
This is trivial, but she wanted me to move them from her chair to my
bed; a grand distance of about 1m. It would have been far easier for her
to do it, than for her to come downstairs to ask me to do so. I also had
to get rid of a dead fly; again, something she could have easily done.
What was asked of me is not the point here; the point is that she could
have very easily (and more cheaply, in terms of energy) done them
herself. The hypocrisy is also not welcome: I tidy up her crap
(including gross things like picking her hair out of the bath) all the
time, without even mentioning it. The one time I stopped doing this, as
an experiment to see how she'd react, she eventually demanded me to
clean it.

Then came the proof reading: I had offered to give it one full read
through, to check for coherency, having finished going over her changes
on Friday. Initially she said I didn't have to, but then changed her
mind. That's fine, but I was told I couldn't do it at weekends or
evenings and must do it at work; first thing, if possible, to avoid the
effects of tiredness. That's not what I had in mind, but couldn't argue
against it. My productivity at work has already fallen to record lows,
even on the occasional days that I'm actually there; taking another hour
(plus) each day for the next week-or-so is not going to help that. It's
almost as though she wants me to get fired.

As I say, this was fairly trivial and didn't boil over into an argument.
I was annoyed by her attitude -- almost like she was taking privileges
after our good time on the previous days -- but it's not something I'm
unfamiliar with and, for the sake of harmony, something I can swallow.
If that had been all, indeed, I probably wouldn't even be writing this
today. However, at the end of Sunday, everything exploded over such a
triviality.

We had spent much of Sunday in XXX for another XXX event. In the
morning, I had rather hurriedly done the chores of the day; XXX did not
help. I hadn't realised the time, so didn't leave myself enough time to
get things done without a rush. XXX could have cleaned out XXX, but it
was too late by then. She could have also done any of the other things I
needed to do -- hang the laundry, get some shopping and water the garden
-- but it would either have been too much effort (for the latter two),
or she would just refuse (for the laundry). When we returned from XXX,
quite late, I again worked very quickly to serve dinner as soon as
possible. Everything was a huge rush all day and that flustered me.
Things still have to be done, but XXX wanted to go to XXX -- which,
incidentally, wasn't much fun to begin with -- without contributing to
the housework. Thus is was left to me and the feeling I had from the day
before intensified; but not enough for me to mention it (as I knew that
would be suicide)!

After dinner, when the evening was winding down, XXX mentioned that she
was going to book yet another XXX thing -- in XXX, so more driving for
me -- for a few weekends' time. She then mentioned that, because we
didn't have any plans for the Saturday, that we could go to the XXX
club. I mentioned, purely rhetorically, that perhaps we could do
something else; meaning nothing more than variety might be a good idea,
rather than anything negative.

This was a mistake and it blew up in my face like a grenade. XXX took
this to mean that I didn't want to go to another XXX event and that we
must do something else. I clarified that what I had meant wasn't a
"must" but rather a "could". That wasn't enough and things escalated out
of control. In retrospect, it was very much the same trigger as when I
inadvertently "criticised" the football, the week before. She felt that
my "dismissiveness" or "obstructiveness" in this issue had forced her
off the edge. If she had stepped back for a second and listened to what
I was saying, she would have seen that I was being neither dismissive
nor obstructive: My intention was simply to encourage.

Don't get me wrong, I can see how someone could take it the way she did,
as I was rather vague and unclear, but given the evidence -- i.e., me
happily going to these things and, when there, generally making the most
of them without complaint -- plus, what I would have thought should be
apparently, her knowledge of me and that the last thing I would want to
do is discourage her or invoke an argument, I didn't think I would be on
shaky ground. I was wrong. Apparently everything I say has to be
perfectly clear and logically sound and, importantly, not express any
emotion or opinion that I may have. As I've said before, I'm not a robot
and while I've tried to satisfy these constraints the best I can, I
don't think any human could realistically do so with perfect accuracy.

Eventually the fight devolved into her wailing about how much she hated
living in XXX; the usual. I did my best to stay calm and, rather than be
defensive, comfort her the best I could. I think I did a very good job,
considering. It didn't work, but I tried. (I also had the foresight to
record parts of this episode, so I have actual evidence rather than my
hearsay.) She also mentioned how I never suggested anything to do, to
free her from her misery. This is not true; I've made many suggestions,
all of which have been dismissed in the past. It's true that I didn't
make any suggestions for this particular day and that I mistakenly
assumed that XXX hadn't already exhausted all the options, but what's
the point of me making suggestions if they're always dismissed? I gave
up on that a long time ago.

After some time, XXX started to become more civil and we discussed the
issue like adults. I was at least glad that I had manoeuvred out of the
conflict and, in an effort to offer resolution with some humility, I
suggested that we had both made mistakes: I had been unclear and not
quick enough to clarify; while she had overreacted, undermined my
opinion and not been quick enough to seek clarification. (I didn't
phrase it as objectively as that, obviously.) This was another mistake
because, of course, XXX is never wrong and everything flared up again.
She insisted that she hadn't misunderstood -- even though she had said
earlier that she now understood what I was trying to say -- and that I
was wrong for not talking like a robot. Fuck her, frankly. All those
good times cultivated over the weekend had been blown away in an instant
because of her narcissism.

I just gave in. Things quietened down and I cleaned out XXX, while she
harassed him when watching TV. I didn't object. I just crawled around
her, sweeping up and crying inside. It was getting late when I had
finished and I was told that I should go to bed. I wasn't forced, of
course, but it was clear that not doing as she said would trigger yet
more hostility. I hate myself for being so weak, but I don't know what
to do.

Maybe one could say I should focus on her clear pain, that she's lashing
out at me, rather than the pain it's causing me. Perhaps I should, but I
don't think it's fair that I should be attacked like this just because
I'm nearby. Plus I do so much to try and make her life more comfortable;
it's basically all I do. I don't know how to help her mental health
problem. To me, finishing her XXX or moving won't fix this, it'll just
gloss over it for a bit. I've never said this, of course -- it would not
go down well -- but it doesn't matter, either way. XXX doesn't have the
humility to see this. She's just like her mother.

I've felt ill all day. Maybe I ate something weird or perhaps I got too
hot. Or maybe the stress of these relentless attacks is beginning to get
to me. Either way, I didn't get much sympathy. It's incredible that I've
lasted this long.
