# Saturday, 1st December 2018

Having been increasingly harassed with extra work to do around that
house -- work, I believe, could have been shared by or at the very least
reduced by XXX -- I was sensitive to any further requests. In this
state, I was asked (at the time, I heard it as a demand) to take out the
bins.  Trivial enough, but I replied with the suggestion that XXX could
do it as easily as me. I brushed this off and took out the bins, during
which I realised how likely it was to backfire on me. When I came back
inside, explode it most certainly did.

A fight ensued. I don't remember the details. I don't really want to
think about it. It seemed to go on and on, around and around in endless
circles of her feeling, in some way, oppressed; I, of course, was the
one doing almost everything. Anyway, the crux of it is that, eventually,
she went out -- we had planned to go together -- and, when she got to
the bus stop, she called me to say she wanted a divorce; ostensibly
replying to the incident from the summer.

Of course, I don't want this to happen and I feel it was a completely
disproportionate response. While I didn't deny her supposed want, I did
manage to persuade her to at least dwell upon this option and that our
relationship was worth rescuing through other means (e.g., counselling).
We agreed to talk about it in person later on, somewhere public to
naturally force us to be civil; in the end, after a few hours -- most of
which I spent on the phone to the Samaritans, completely dumbstruck by
what had just happened -- she texted me to say she didn't want to break
up. We did discuss the situation together, ultimately; I don't really
remember what we spoke about specifically, just that it was emotionally
painful but ultimately conciliatory.

The following few days were carefully played, with a slight infraction
on Sunday evening when we went to the cinema and the umbrella that XXX
believes to be equivalent to toxic waste got too near to her. She passed
her XXX -- which was probably the obvious cause for the stress -- on the
Tuesday and we went on holiday to celebrate. Things were generally
pretty good and we did well to talk to each other about things that were
bothering us.

# Tuesday, 18th December 2018

I was up early: Working from home, but waiting for people to come round
to fix and collect things, plus going to a XXX event in the evening.
When XXX woke up, she bounded in with a plan! If the house hadn't sold
by next year, we can just go live in XXX, indefinitely apparently. I met
this plan with apprehension: what about my job (either current or any
prospective new one) and, as seems to be increasingly something the
omits, what about XXX?

Obviously, my "negativity", as she put it ("realism" or "responsibility"
would be closer), did not go down well. We avoided a fight and even an
argument; it was more a civil discussion, but it was somewhat
emotionally charged. Per normal, I was aghast with her reaction. I
understand her reasoning -- she doesn't like the winter weather in the
XXX and sees no reason to pay for something she doesn't like -- and I
broadly support her, but she cannot just impose this upon me, whether I
like it or not. She was under the impression that my (current) job is
infinitely flexible to her whims and I can just work from home
indefinitely in XXX (because a former colleague has such an arrangement,
but that's where the similarities end -- on a related note, I should
keep these things to myself in future, to avoid giving her ideas!) I had
also expressed an interest in finding a new job fairly soon; she was
unaware of this, despite me saying otherwise (I had originally stated
that I would wait until the house was sold, but I didn't see any reason
why and told her as such; she had no recollection of this). There's also
the practicalities of all our belongings: where are they going to go?
The list goes on!

She then suggested that she'll go, with or without me. That in itself
was shocking, but it turned into an ultimatum: If the house isn't sold
by next winter, she's going to XXX (somehow); if I can't come, for
whatever reason, or can't come for as long as she wants to be there,
then she will break up with me, as a long-distance relationship will
inevitably (to her) end up that way. I didn't really know what to say.

I had said that I wanted to find a new job without constraints; she took
this to mean that her XXX plan would not be factored into this decision.
I reassured her -- repeatedly; it took a long time to convince her --
that my primary concern is to maintain our relationship and what I meant
by "constraints" are less-important things. Nonetheless, I am still
troubled by her attitude such that I cannot really write this clearly or
coherently... I have sacrificed my life and career for the past few
years for her XXX. When I'm finally free to do what I want, she imposes
yet another restriction on me. It's a soft restriction, in the sense
that it's not a demand, but it has these consequences that I obviously
want to avoid. Who treats someone like that; let alone their husband?!

Like I say, we managed to avoid a proper argument and, despite me being
in this state of confused shock, the conversation moved to discussing
previous problems we've had. It turns out that she feels I have very
high expectations of her, which she must fulfil to make me happy. I knew
she held this belief but didn't realise how endemic it was. It's not
true, either; it's borne from an incident 8 years ago when, while I was
again working a job I didn't like, largely for her benefit, I suggested
that our economic contribution should be equal. I never mandated this,
nor did I suggest that was what would make me happy. It's true that I
would like our relationship to be more equal and balanced, but that is a
consequence of us trusting each other and not taking advantage;
something I take for granted and what actually makes me happy. It's got
nothing to do with me pushing her one way or another. Frankly, I find
this a bit hypocritical, given the stuff I'm actively pushed into doing
to facilitate her happiness.

I don't even know any more. XXX has to be one of the most ungrateful and
selfish people I've ever known. It's ironic that she claims to be
appreciative -- saying that, in her culture, appreciation is shown by
reciprocation -- when she does basically nothing to that end. And the
ultimatum? That's the biggest red flag of her controlling behaviour that
I've seen for some time.

Let the record state that I had no ulterior motive for her in pursuing
her XXX: I just wanted her to be happy, doing something (at the time)
she wanted. I had no designs that it would make her more employable and,
thus, afterwards, balance our economic input. Only an idiot would think
that a XXX would make them more employable! I just wanted her to be
happy and I've done so much to help her achieve that.  Her XXX turned
into a curse, for her, but at least she's got something to show for it
in the end, however painful it was. What have I got? What about me?

EDIT: I forgot to mention... XXX didn't remember be mentioning my job
search plans. That's understandable, as she's had a lot on her mind.
However, she insisted that, from now on, whenever I tell her about such
things, I must also do so in writing!
