# Wednesday, 27th June, 2018

Almost a week had passed since I decided to approach XXX's episodes of
abuse with kindness and silliness, in an attempt to deflect them and
stop a conflict from escalating. I've not been brilliant at it -- it's
an adjustment -- but I've done reasonably well, I think. Regardless, it
doesn't seem to be working.

On Sunday, we went out for a picnic at XXX. XXX had bought the tickets
to this ages ago and we decided to have bento boxes. I made this for us
and it takes forever -- the best part of two hours -- but it looked to
be a fun afternoon and I thought it would be good to make some effort.
It was a fun afternoon and my food was good, not that I ate much of it.
XXX ate almost all of it, unashamedly; when I mentioned this, she
claimed to be hungry (she had been playing XXX all day, while I had
actually been working hard) and eventually stopped, leaving me the
dregs. I let it slide, because I didn't want to ruin the day; it was
clear that XXX felt somewhat guilty as well, as she left me the majority
of the strawberries that I had bought for us. (Of course, I did
accidentally spill these on the ground; she may have just been avoiding
them because of her usual hypochondria.)

Monday came and went without incident, as far as I remember, but then on
Tuesday I was "compelled" to take the afternoon off to do more DIY work
around the house, to make it more sellable. Of course, as well as her
own work, XXX played a lot of XXX. I had a lot of other things to do and
could tell XXX was close to cracking for whatever reason, so while
rushing around trying to accommodate her, I only ended up with about an
hour for gardening. This was perhaps just as well, because it was very
hot outside and I could only really tolerate an hour of physical labour
in that weather. Nonetheless, when I had finished, XXX said, "Is that
all?" I was not amused, but kept it to myself.

Later in the day, we set off for XXX. While I'm not a huge fan of these
XXX evenings and XXX is a bit too far, I quite like going to this one
because the people are very friendly; it makes me feel like I'm actually
a real person. Anyway, the traffic had other ideas. There must have been
an accident and, having not checked before leaving, we got stuck it in
for hours. As the realisation of how long we could be stuck for dawned
upon XXX, she lost it: tears, shouting, etc. It was clearly not my fault
and there was nothing I could do about it: Being stuck in traffic is
horrible, especially -- as she said -- when she needed the bathroom, but
there's not an awful lot one can do about it. I managed to work out a
way out of the traffic, although it was an incredibly long way round,
that also got us to a bathroom. In the meantime, I comforted XXX as best
I could, as she sobbed in the passenger seat. I got her to XXX, albeit
two hours late, and we had a good time; there was no reason for her to
breakdown and, later, she conceded to my conclusion that she was not the
only person stuck in that mess.

On Wednesday morning, after I had watered the garden, I saw a horrifying
site: what I thought at the time was blood, all over XXX's litter tray.
I immediately took him to the vet -- XXX was still asleep -- and, after
much prodding, it turned out that it wasn't blood but rather just his
pee; the vet thought it might just be really strong. It turns out that
it was probably just due to pigment in the hay he'd been eating and he
seems to be fine. XXX did not object to my actions in the morning -- she
thought they were reasonable -- and was obviously also worried about
XXX, however this largely sorted itself out. That's to say that this
wasn't the cause of conflict, but I believe it seeded the tension for
what would happen later in the evening.

After we got back home, having had dinner and played XXX in XXX, XXX
seemed fine and we had a reasonable evening. By this point, I was very
tired. I've been increasingly tired for the past few weeks because of
the punishing schedule that XXX's requirements keep me to. I went to
bed, but when XXX came out of the shower, she asked me to promise not to
freak out in the morning, if XXX hadn't eaten much hay. I'm not sure
where this worry came from, but I promised and also reinforced that I
haven't done such a thing in non-exceptional circumstances for weeks;
that is, she had nothing to worry about. For some reason, however, she
continued insisting that I would do such a thing and kept getting
more-and-more hysterical as I tried (obviously unsuccessfully) to quell
her fears.

Of course, at this point, it was passed 1am and I was really tired. As
well as reiterating that I would do as she asked, I also mentioned that
I was incredibly tired and this clear lead up to a fight was not going
to help. I kept my voice calm and tried to give her a cuddle to reassure
that I would do what she wanted, but I asserted that I wanted to sleep.
She kept going and, being so tired, I reacted: I raised my voice (albeit
not nearly as much as she had, by this point) and, regrettably, resorted
to hyperbole to make my argument. I said that I'm going to end up in a
car accident, at this rate; implying that my lack of sleep would
eventually (not immediately) catch up with me. This did not go down
well.

Apparently this was enough to get her imagination racing. At first, she
was upset that I said this, but then went to the bathroom to let me
sleep. Obviously, in that time -- where I got zero sleep, because of the
stressful situation she'd just put me through -- she'd extrapolated what
I said to some grim situation and broke down again. I had, by this
point, already apologised for the exaggeration and also made it clear
that my point wasn't that the lack of sleep would categorically cause an
immediate problem. It was no use, however, she blamed me for putting
this thought into her head and, some how, it was even my fault that it
was done at the worst possible time. I have no idea what her exact XXX
schedule is and the last thing I want to do is purposely upset her at a
crucial point. She also brought up the ridiculous haunted cupboard
incident as precedent; I made it clear that no Westerner could have
predicted that and, likewise, I had no idea it was a bad time. To be
honest, I think the bad timing is a post hoc convenience on her part. In
the end, she said that I should "treat her like a child", in the sense
of what triggers her. She's not wrong; although, even a child can better
moderate their behaviour.

Anyway, did I mention how tired I was? Well, it was 2am by this point,
when everyone should have been asleep, but XXX continued to scream at
me. "Turn your fucking alarm off!" over and over, in an attempt to get
me to have some extra sleep. She must have woken up the whole
neighbourhood. Her intention was obviously not bad, but her execution
was truly horrifying. I didn't respond to this and tried to calm her
down; again unsuccessfully, but at least she changed her approach. Now I
was not allowed to wake up when I usually do and must go back to bed,
even though I was supposed to be working from home. She literally forced
me to do this, by saying, if I don't, I would have betrayed her trust.
So, let's get this straight: Her condition has me working every waking
hour, such that it tires me out; when I bring this to light, rather than
apologising or offering to help, she takes it as criticism (I very
specifically didn't blame her and repeatedly mentioned that I wasn't
holding her responsible) and proceeds in keeping me awake even longer;
her "solution" is to force me to sleep in on a work day, jeopardising
our primary income source, and telling me that I shouldn't play with XXX
in the evenings (one of my few remaining pleasures). She also has the
gall to hold me responsible for most of these effects; even despite me
repeatedly justifying and persuading her of my reliability and
trustworthiness, with evidence.

She is truly an awful person and I no longer wish to waste my life on
her abuse. I'm sympathetic to her condition, but taking it out on the
only person who's actually supporting you -- and is actively trying to
help her and develop our relationship -- is not going to work. I tried
really hard to help her and, to a degree, it has worked: My approach
eventually calmed her down enough for us to go to bed (not that either
of us slept well). It can't be just me trying to fix things, though;
it's not going to work if she keeps setting fire to everything over such
trivial, stupid and even imagined things. The way she treats me is not
how anyone should be treated, especially your husband or someone you
claim to love. XXX doesn't love me; she just loves what I do for her.
