# A Last-Ditch Effort

Ever since writing how I have felt on giving up on our relationship, I
have grown increasingly depressed. Simultaneously, there were many
instances in the meantime in which XXX was being particularly unfair and
aggressive. Surprisingly, rather than feeling validated about the
potential separation, it made me feel worse. I'm not sure why that is.

I vowed to talk to my parents about it: I would arrange to meet them,
under the presumption that things get worse, for their guidance and
support. After making this vow, it was clear that I was trying to cling
to anything to avoid going through with this, but nothing presented
itself. I guess I felt worse because I value our relationship and the
facts suggested that it was over.

I did go to my parents, but the day beforehand, I suddenly started
feeling more hopeful. Again, I do not know why: There was no real change
in behaviour and nothing new happened. I still went to my parents, in
secret, but on the way, I decided that I would try one last thing to
save our relationship. It was nice to see my parents without bringing up
any negativity, so nothing was lost.

The plan I hatched was a simple one. Taking my cue from my dad and my
grandpa, I would just try to react to XXX's behaviour with kindness,
whenever I could. That is, I will try not to get defensive and -- to
play to my strengths -- try to deflect any aggression from her with
silliness. However, importantly, I will (somehow) do so that is not
submissive; if she does something I'm not happy about, or if I have an
opinion on something, I won't just let it pass, but I won't be inimical
or uncompromising about it either.

When I returned from my undisclosed rendezvous, I met up with XXX and --
after having dinner -- we went to play XXX, while waiting for the
theatre. As has been well established, I'm not a huge fan of XXX and I
won't go to too much effort to internalise the reams of rules and state
required; as such, especially when I'm tired, I'll make mistakes and
this can lead to heated discussions. This was the perfect opportunity to
test my new protocol, but I became very aware of how defensive I
immediately become when XXX is on the offensive. I will keep trying, but
that aspect will take work. I wonder if there's anything I can do to
encourage XXX to reciprocate; that is, for her to try not to launch into
an attack quite so readily.

Part of the reason, I think, that I felt so bad beforehand was because a
large part of me realised that I would not be "brave" enough to stand up
to XXX and end our relationship. It made me feel bad to think of myself
as a coward, no matter how true that may be. Maybe I'm too forgiving.
Still, I feel this new approach ought to be our last chance, but again,
I don't see myself ever making a stand. We'll see...
