# Friday, 3rd August, 2018

Since the day that everything came to a head, things have been pretty
good. I don't really understand why. If I were the paranoid-delusional
type, I might say XXX was biding her time, but I have absolutely no
evidence of that and, instead, every indication that she's trying her
best to compromise and fix things.

This has been helped along by two other key events:
1. Putting our house up for sale;
2. XXX submitting her XXX.

Both of these -- and our combined efforts in trying to move on together
-- seem to have really helped our situation. Indeed, for the past few
weeks, while I've recorded incidents (all of them minor and
inconsequential) that has caused tension, I never felt so compelled to
record them here. I'll do so now, for posterity, but a lot of my notes
aren't detailed enough for me to remember whatever sleight was in play
at the time.

## 19th July

The estate agent first came round to value our house and get the ball
rolling. For some reason, XXX kept to herself -- playing with XXX --
while I discussed the details. I tried to involve her, but she didn't
seem interested.

During the negotiations, I made a mistake -- I just accepted the agent's
fee without questioning it -- and when XXX discovered this, it was up to
me to sort it out. If XXX had been more involved, as I had expected,
given she had such strong opinions on the matter, this never would have
happened.

Anyway, I did sort it out and things didn't flare up much. I managed to
calm the situation by saying something like, "It doesn't matter any more
how we got into this situation; it matters how we work together to solve
it."

## 20th July

My notes say "Books / M&D". This is in regard to me getting rid of my
books before we move, to save on storage space, potentially by housing
them with my parents. I'm not really happy about giving up my books; the
goal is not unreasonable, but I still want to keep them. I think my
parents should be able to store them -- although I don't like to impose
this upon them -- however, XXX also mentioned that I can "somehow get
the books to them, rather than driving there ourselves." It was another
clear instance of how much she wants to avoid seeing my parents and that
upset me, although I didn't express so overtly.

## 24th July

My notes say "Shout about inability to work / talk to like child". I no
longer remember what this was about, besides XXX expecting me to talk to
her like a child, so I must have said something to trigger that. My best
guess is that this was during the week where she had food poisoning and,
while mostly recovered, was suggesting that I spend more-and-more time
working from home. I had already sacrificed a lot of work time --
willingly, because she was quite ill and I wanted to help her -- but
felt that, especially given my upcoming important deadlines, I needed
time to do things.

I believe, a few days later, XXX compromised with my working from home
schedule, such that it wasn't quite so full on. For what it's worth, I
don't like working from home, because I get nothing done; however, I
don't like my job and prefer to be with XXX, and given that my workplace
doesn't seem to have much opinion about this (and my lack of
productivity), I'm going to take advantage of it. In this particular
instance, however, I had important deadlines and was feeling stressed
about that. I was happy with the compromise: Not only in the details,
but also that one was made.

## 26th July

This is the day we went to XXX to sort out my XXX. During lunch, I said
something that triggered XXX's insecurities and anxiety. I don't
remember what it was -- something to do with me not being satisfied by
my job and comparing my situation to hers -- but it was unintentional.
While it was hot and XXX was still unwell, we'd had quite a good day up
'til then. It took a bit of work to undo this problem -- and it made the
remainder of the day a bit tense -- but it turned out OK.

## 27th July

We had had a fun day and went out in the evening to a concert, which we
both really enjoyed. Everything seemed good, but then right at the end
of the day, something happened to cause me to write this in my notes:
"Fun then whinge about house selling. Patronising bullshit."

I can't remember what about selling the house triggered this, but I was
clearly angry about XXX's response. However, given there's no follow-up
notes, I assume it was relatively trivial.

## 29th July

We had another good day, visiting an art museum in XXX. However, we got
a parking ticket. This didn't cause any fight and XXX blamed herself for
suggesting we could park where we did for free. It wasn't her fault; if
she held any blame, then I was equally to blame. Personally, I feel the
signage was really ambiguous. Anyway, I did my best to persuade her that
she wasn't at fault and that seemed to work, but she clearly felt a bit
guilty.

I paid the fine, but hold nothing against her.

## 2nd August

We went to XXX, again, to pick up my XXX. We had a really good day.
However, right at the beginning and right at the end, XXX seemed a bit
grumpy about something. I asked if she was OK and said she was, so I
didn't push her and nothing happened. I hope she's OK.
