# Wednesday, 11th July, 2018

No real conflict occurred today, but the sense of a short fuse was
palpable. Having neared the end of her XXX, XXX is now over-stressing
about moving out and going to XXX in the autumn, with all that entails,
and taking this out (for want of a better word) on me.

First came the complaining about how much she had to do and how
difficult things were to arrange, etc. I sympathise with this -- in that
it didn't seem as straightforward as it ought to be -- but I suppose the
issue I take is that not only does XXX feel she's allowed to whinge
about effectively trivial matters, but expects me to be supportive. I
actually share this view -- I feel it's certainly part of my remit to be
supportive and I'm happy to be, whenever required -- but also that it's
a two way street, in two senses:

1. "Support" doesn't mean just agreeing with everything one says with
   mindless platitudes. I'm not naive enough to know that a solution to
   a problem is not necessarily sought, but still, an opinion or
   alternative point-of-view should not be disparaged. Of course, XXX
   takes anything contra to her general opinion (or even sometimes when
   I agree with her, but she doesn't see it that way) as harsh criticism
   and we all know how she reacts to that!

2. I have literally be told to "stop whining", etc. when I complain
   about things. We've literally had fights about me complaining. It's
   true that the things I complain about are probably equally trivial,
   but I don't think they're any more frequent than XXX's admonitions.
   It is incredibly rare for XXX to be supportive or sympathetic to my
   problems and, when she condescends to do so, I'm expected to take her
   word as gospel.

Anyway, once the platitudes were out of the way, I just let XXX do what
she wanted for the evening. It was clearly a safer option. When we got
back home, we booked a bunch of other things -- again, largely with me
taking direction, as independent thought is dangerous -- and sorted a
lot out.

Again, after XXX, it was "suggested" I go to bed. I had my hospital
appointment early the next morning and -- as well as the standard
nonsense of having to wash all my clothes and disinfect my shoes and the
car when I return (I was denied from taking my laptop) -- I was made to
promise that I would go back to bed, when I returned. I mentioned that I
clearly didn't have a choice in this promise (which was a very dangerous
move), so agreed and somehow managed to avoid any fallout. I understand
her intention to allow me more sleep, but perhaps an easier way of not
tiring me would be to not stay up so late, or share some of the
housework, or take responsibility for yourself, rather than relying on
me. Again, once again, my work is going to suffer. I wonder how life
would be if I had a job with "normal" expectations, rather than the
current laissez-faire arrangement.
