# Notes for My Killer

A spouse is supposed to support you when things are bad, not blame you
for supposedly making their life harder.

Barring someone from what they enjoy because it might affect you is not
support; it's manipulative and cowardly.

Real support makes those bad things less likely to happen in the first
place.

Anyone who twists the support given against whomever offered it did not
deserve that support in the first place.

Don't let your limitations or neuroses stand in the way of others; even
those closest to you.

It's easy to blame others.

If you're going to make me choose between you and my parents, you're not
going to win.

It's unkind to criticise someone over something they have no control
over. Cruel, if you know they're aware of it.

There's a line where ones behaviour becomes abuse. You're getting
dangerously close to that line.

Your insane jealousy says more about you than it does about me.

Don't project your failings on to me.

The world doesn't revolve around you.

Don't smother me with your dependency.

I'll never forgive you for preventing me from seeing my grandma before
she died.

You expect so much, yet contribute so little.

I'm happy to share my opinions, if you don't undermine them. I'm happy
to offer my support, if you don't turn it against me. Don't confuse the
two.

I don't make your choices, so don't hold me responsible when they don't
meet your expectations.

You can warp and manipulate the truth all you want, if it helps you
sleep at night. If, however, you can’t see the tremendous sacrifices I’m
making for you, then you don’t deserve them.

Somebody helped me in the cafe, apropos of nothing. It was just a
simple, trivial gesture, but I was so shocked by the novelty, I didn’t
know how to react.

Perhaps the real reason you’re unhappy visiting others is because you’re
no longer the centre of attention.

You’ve acclimated me to never getting my hopes up.

I used to be kind and generous; a friend to anyone who’d reciprocate.
Now I only serve you and am truly alone.

You bring out the worst in me.

You really need to learn how to accept criticism, rejection (people
saying, “no”) and that others have lives of their own.

There’s a difference between encouragement and enabling. I’m happy to
provide the former.

Having a cold, even a bad one, doesn’t give you the permission to be
awful to me.

Rather than insisting that others must change to accommodate you,
perhaps you should focus on yourself, first.

You open tins with a tin opener.

Baby food is for babies.

I am not responsible for the state of your health. I’m sorry you’re
unwell, but it is not my fault.

Don’t lecture me on how I should spend my money, when you spend my money
with such abandon.

There’s no state of mind in which a person can be where anything they do
can be excused. One can certainly be more sympathetic — and if I haven’t
been enough, I apologise — but crying wolf too often has its
consequences.

Opinions are not facts. Everyone has a right to their opinions and
voicing them, but you’re going to face opposition if your approach
belittles others.

Relentlessly criticising and accusing me of trivial or non-issues does
nothing to solve your problems.

You can’t expect me, your parents and — amazingly — my parents to fund
and maintain your very specific lifestyle goals.

Sometimes I see hope that things can be saved. Inevitably, this doesn’t
last long.

“No” is a word you should learn to accept sometimes.

How would you like it if I just stood around waiting for you while you
did all the work? How would you feel if I pressurised you into doing my
work though guilt or playing on your sympathies?

I’m beginning to see that you’re projecting on me. For example, I’m not
the one with “hard rules”; I’m doing a pretty good job of juggling each
new (increasingly unreasonable) constraint you throw at me.

You say I’m impatient with you. Anyone would be impatient with you. It’s
amazing that my patience has lasted as long as it has.

One would almost believe you’re trying to push me out or over the edge,
given how ridiculous your arguments are becoming.

If you want something done to very specific specifications, either
communicate it clearly before I start, or do it yourself. That’s what I
do; almost always doing things myself, because you (hypocritically) give
me a hard time about being overly specific. At any rate, don’t criticise
me for not doing things the way you want, if I have no foreknowledge of
your requirements. Even if I’m aware of your requirements, I wouldn’t
actively do things differently to spite you; do I not deserve the
benefit of the doubt or even credit for doing something you could easily
do yourself?
