"I think we're getting better." XXX said -- or words to that effect --
the other day. Meaning that our relationship was restoring. The only
reason is because, after her various fits of screaming, I've resorted to
saying either nothing or just agreeing and doing what she wants. It
kills me inside, of course, but it's not as bad as her insane tantrums.

Yesterday, XXX took the day off and asked me to do the same. As I say,
I'm obliged to comply. She wanted to pick up XXX (of course) from XXX
and, as it's sort of in the area, go to a small town near XXX for lunch,
XXX for dinner, and XXX in XXX for shopping. "In the area" meant about
130 miles of driving, but I wasn't going to complain. I liked to get out
of XXX -- XXX even mentioned that I would enjoy it, to get out of the
city -- and the food was good, as was the countryside, despite the
changeable weather.

Before we got home, we got some shopping from XXX. XXX wanted more than
I'd planned for, so I went back to the car to get another shopping bag.
At that point, I said to myself, "Maybe I should just drive off and
never come back." I wish I had. The reason I said that was, in the XXX
restaurant in XXX, the discussion got a little heated when XXX was
questioning the point of the Extinction Rebellion protests: To her, they
were just annoying. I tried to make the case that, be that as it may,
and their approach is perhaps suboptimal, it's better than nothing.
Fortunately, we nipped this debate in the bud before it got out of hand,
but it had already annoyed me. I don't really know why. She's entitled
to her opinion, but it seemed so antithetical to mine; as has been well
established, by now, she's not one for environmentalism, only herself.
Whatever. The last thing I wanted was a fight, so it was good that we
dropped it and seemed to move on.

Anyway, after XXX, we took our shopping up to our flat. I carried most
of it -- about 15kgs worth -- while XXX took two packets of toilet
paper.  During which time, I put some of it down to give me a break; for
example, when I had to unlock the door. It's true that I could have
asked XXX for help, but we all know how that goes. Anyway, we got inside
and then -- because I had put her water bottles down where her bag
lives, after having put them on the floor -- she went absolutely mental.

Screaming and screaming at me that I had done wrong. You'd have thought
I'd done something terrible, given the volume and vitriol. But no. I
just put something heavy down where she didn't want it. That is all. Of
course, it got worse. I had put other heavy things down where she didn't
want them, which just added fuel to her ridiculous argument. Obviously,
I became defensive. I think any reasonable person would given the
disproportion of her attack. She blamed me of playing the victim --
something that's been on my mind a lot, recently -- but in this case, I
think I actually am the victim, of her mindless abuse.

Anyway, what the fuck? That's the last straw. I didn't lose my temper
and managed to calm the situation down. I made a mistake for not taking
her stupid requirements into consideration, because my own requirements
of not carrying heavy stuff forever took precedence. Still, I moved all
her furniture around, afterwards, per her request, and that seemed to
shut her up a bit. She went to the bathroom and, while I seemed fine, I
went to bed seething. I still am.

Tomorrow I've got to work from home, again. Great. Another day of
pretending to get along, to avoid the inevitable conflict that the
paper-thin civility between us is apparently masking. This cannot go on.
