It's been a week.

I dreamt of XXX, last night. One of my few XXX dreams. We had a device
which was a bit like a TV, except you could step in to whatever you were
watching and that became your new reality. We were watching footage of
XXX and unhesitantly stepped right in to it. I played with him, I got to
cuddle him -- which was heart warming -- but ultimately the same thing
happened: the poor little guy passed away before his time. In this
reality, he was playing in the snow and he collapsed in the same way as
last week; that was hard to re-experience. We kept using the machine to
spend more time with XXX in alternate realities, but they always ended
tragically, while life went on without us.

It was just a dream. It has no meaning, despite how surprisingly
coherent it was for random firings of my brain. I'm glad I got to cuddle
him again, though.

Besides remembering him and being sad almost all the time, I keep
catching myself doing things that reference him; like saying, "XXX!" or
air-drawing his little face. Those in-things I had between myself and
XXX to cheer us up. It makes me sad when I think of them and that I have
to stifle myself, to avoid upsetting XXX. Sometimes I forget myself and
do it anyway, which also makes me sad. Yesterday, XXX saw that my work
chat photo was still XXX's photo; I had to remove it, for her benefit.
That made me sad. I've been eating junk like crazy recently, presumably
to mask the pain.

Today, XXX will be cremated. I don't know how I feel about cremation;
it's always seemed weird to me. I realise the body, without life, is
just an empty shell. But why, if it's so seemingly unimportant, are
coffins a thing, rather than just being buried in the ground? The body
is the physical form of someone and that's important. At least it is to
me. Still, we don't have a garden, so that's the only option available.
I should have him back tomorrow.

Part of me wants to scatter some with the seeds I planted on Tuesday.
However, another part wants to keep everything together. Another part
wants to keep a small part with me at all times. I don't know how I'll
resolve this conflict. All I know is that I miss XXX dearly and feel sad
that his beautiful form will be rendered into ash.

I miss you, XXX. I'm so sorry.
