This is just an update from the previous entry: things I forgot to
write, plus things that have happened in the meantime.

The point I was trying to make in the last entry, and what I've realised
since the XXX incident, is that when XXX is not affected by some
external stressor -- whatever that may be -- then everything is fine.
Not only fine, but good and something worth keeping. When shit goes
down, however, this breaks apart so catastrophically that it's not even
funny.  It suggests to me that it's just superficial, or just a facade.
The underlying resentment -- in both of us -- is so easy to provoke that
almost anything can (and will trigger it). That's no way to live.

I can't talk for anyone but myself, but I try my hardest to juggle
everything: XXX, work, XXX, day-to-day life and our latest crisis
(whatever that may be). I'm not perfect, but I don't intentionally look
for a fight and, if/when one occurs, I will try very hard to either back
out or resolve it -- usually at my expense -- rather than prolonging any
conflict. I feel tries this as well, but she's so easily triggered and
the effect is so devastating, I have to ask myself whether it's worth
it.

Let me recount some things that have happened in the last couple of
days, during our latest stay at M&D's.

First off, XXX stayed in XXX to avoid the noise. She actually paid for
this, but I still had to drive all the way to work and XXX had to stay
at home alone; he was fine -- and I actually went to see him at
lunchtime to make sure he didn't get too lonely -- but I wasn't
comfortable with that. Anyway, that wasn't too bad and it was good that
she got to spend the day playing XXX with her friends.

On the way to M&D's however, she said she was glad that her XXX friend
was female, because she didn't think I would be comfortable if it was a
man. That's not at all true and we've spoken about this several times
before -- as she does hold this opposite gender view -- I have
absolutely no problem with that. Friends are friends. I trust her and I
trust my friends. To avoid things escalating, I managed to shut down the
discussion, but it was a bit strange, because I have been so vocal about
not caring about such things.

The next day, after dinner, we got into a "discussion", let's say, about
God know's what! It was just yesterday evening, as I'm writing this, and
I cannot for the life of me remember the point: just that we had
conflicting viewpoints on something and she felt that I was being
patronising. I wasn't at all; I was just stating my opinion. I heard
hers too; I didn't say it was wrong, or anything like that. Just that I
had a different opinion. This lasted for ages and almost made us late
for the cinema. It was a very combative exchange about something trivial
that again spiralled out of control because she couldn't accept an
alternative viewpoint.

Then, today, we got a response from the estate agent about our early
exit, which (of course) is not to her liking. While I agree with her
that it's a little bit ambiguous in places, the amount of effort and
grief I went to trying to explain my perspective was Herculean! She was
so impatient and believed from the outset that I was being patronising,
so it made it even harder to get through to her. Personally, I think her
point of view in this regard is confusing, whereas my interpretation
makes more sense, but I knew better than to argue this (otherwise I'd
still be at it, rather than writing here!). Eventually, I was only able
to stop the nonsense by almost verbatim writing to the agents what she
wanted -- even though it's quite muddled, in my opinion. I think it's a
good idea to question the agents, even though I'm doubtful that anything
will come of it, but I had no intention of being patronising or
confrontational, etc. It was ridiculous!

And the timing of this episode? Two and a half weeks after the beginning
of the last. So that's too early for it to be period related, I think.

So this is the life I have to live, in order to avoid argument:

* I must say exactly the right thing at all times (or say literally
  nothing)

* I cannot criticise XXX in any way, even if she's done something wrong

* I must do exactly what she says -- preferably predicting it well in
  advance -- even if it's contradictory, makes no sense, or is bad for
  me.

* I cannot access doctors or hospitals unless I'm happy to do so
  publicly (i.e., divulge exactly the reason) and consent to a full
  decontamination upon my return. Even then, this is not guaranteed
  (e.g., when I was recommended to have a bone marrow aspiration, but
  was told this would be too stressful for her.)

* I can't even use the bathroom without an inquisition or being mocked.

* I have to tell her I love her and offer hugs approximately every 5
  seconds.

* Must put her first, even above myself or my biological family (e.g.,
  hence missing my grandma's last days)

Fuck this. I'm so depressed; I can't even go to see a doctor to get
help.
