On, I think, Thursday, XXX had apparently a hard day working from home.
She had to take minutes for a meeting which, while it sounded pretty
full on -- in terms of scale and her lack of experience -- not exactly
something worth getting worked up on. Anyway, we went to play XXX in the
evening and, after which, she accused me of being distant or not paying
attention. That couldn't have been more wrong and there was plenty of
objective evidence in my favour. Anyway, after a bit of work on my
behalf, trying to defend myself, she ultimately acquiesced and admitted
that the real reason she was upset was because of what had happened to
her at work. I'm sympathetic -- and I was sympathetic -- but projecting
that on to me isn't fair.

In the meantime, she hasn't brought this up, but this development
worries me slightly. She's made it clear that she's working because "I
want her to", rather than for her own good, and because "she has rich
parents", so she can sponge off them forever. That is to say, if she
gets stressed by work, she's going to hold me responsible for that.
Given her low tolerance for such things and that she's taken what seems
to be a relatively high stakes job, I feel this is inevitable.

On Friday evening, I did the laundry, having been instructed to do so
like clockwork because XXX goes through clothing like it's going out of
fashion. I was severely chastised, very late at night, for putting it on
a short cycle. There were barely a handful of clothes in the machine; it
would have been completely wasteful to do a full cycle. At the time, I
didn't admit to doing this on purpose -- which was rather ingenuous of
me, but the consequences of which would have been worse -- but it didn't
really matter. XXX wanted a fight, so fight she did.

I hope this doesn't belittle the suffering that people who are victims
of abuse endure, but I totally understand the reported "out of body
experiences" they have during their abuse. I increasingly see myself go
into a mode of being where I just apologise and/or agree relentlessly,
during XXX's episodes, where I'm not really thinking nor myself; more an
observer, dying inside while trying to keep above water.

Saturday, as far as I recall, proceeded without incident. On Sunday, we
went to some XXX convention. It was good to be amongst friends again;
that really cheered me up. XXX, for the most part, seemed her usual
distant/annoyed self for much of the day. It wasn't until the very end,
when she got some free stuff, that her mood improved. During the day she
seemed very impatient -- even "telling off" our friends' children at
times, which I was quite shocked by -- and I felt for certain that I was
next. Fortunately, her freebies came beforehand and that nipped her
indignation in the bud before it could attack me.
