I really thought we turned a corner after our last big blow out. I
didn't even get around to typing it all up: The XXX incident left a lot
of resentment, which ultimately exploded in the Post Office collections
queue. We fought it out, but surprisingly resolved everything. Since
that time, we've both been sweet with each other and it felt like things
had improved.

When we discovered building works were about to start right outside out
flat, which happened before the aforementioned PO fight, we worked
pretty well together to solve it. We went to my parents' to escape the
noise and I managed to negotiate more working from home. Ultimately, we
chose to look for a new place to live in XXX.

The bust up in the PO was because XXX incorrectly thought that I
regretted this decision. However, I don't really care: it works for us,
given the circumstances, and I'm still able to keep my job or chose what
I want to do. She got the wrong end of the stick and eventually we
managed to resolve the misunderstanding.

Since then, as I said, it seemed like things improved dramatically.
There was the occasional difficulty, but nothing major. As I say, we
went to my parents' to escape and even that was fine. Then we went on
holiday, to XXX, to both escape and actually have a break. This was all
going so well...but then things took a significant turn for the worst.

First she started being "weird" about the XXX thing and "The XXX"'s
handling of it. I don't know much about the details, but neither does
she; just whatever she's read on the Internet, with the repute that
comes with it. I shouldn't have got sucked it, but I felt just just has
a chip on her shoulder about the XXX vs. XXX and, for some reason,
wanted to make a point of it. Anyway, that's fine, we had a long debate
and nothing came of it, but at least her ire wasn't directed towards me.

The next day, she was equally difficult. I don't actually remember the
details, but I don't remember it being a fun day. The day after than we
changed hotel again and I distinctly remember her being grumpy about the
walk to the hotel, which was "longer than Google said it would be!" (It
wasn't even that long, but it was apparently my fault.) Then, at the
hotel -- which turned out to be a bit crappy, but that wasn't anyone's
fault -- I did genuinely make the mistake of forgetting our passports
with the check in staff. I was already on the back foot and that just
screwed everything up. It was my fault and I admitted and apologised,
but one is obviously not allowed to error.

The day after we returned, we went flat hunting again and, thankfully,
secured a place after much trying. We were glad about this and went to
XXX for lunch and to celebrate. Again, I don't remember what happened,
but again she wasn't happy with something and lashed out at me. All I
remember is being upset and going to secretly get ice cream.

The next day (Sunday), because I had used the bathroom at XXX, I was
considered a walking biohazard and told in which order I had to use our
bathroom. I didn't much care for this, but couldn't convince her
otherwise. So I had to do what she said, even though it made me
uncomfortable, just to avoid any further fight.

On Monday, I looked into car sharing for work -- as I'll now be doing
quite a long commute -- and the potential that I could do this with a
woman triggered her. Knowing her weaknesses, I decided to straight up
say I would avoid that situation altogether, no matter how stupid it is.
She then shifted the argument to the fact that I had said, casually,
that maybe I would look for a new job in XXX: apparently this is not
allowed as she wants to cut all ties with XXX (for some reason, my
current job is still fine). She kept going on and on about it and, to my
credit, I didn't get defensive: I tried very hard to keep it civil and
agree with her, without being sarcastic or anything. It didn't really
achieve anything, but she eventually settled down.  (Interestingly, she
brought this fight up again later on -- it wasn't a fight, as I wasn't
playing -- and misremembered it as me objecting to living in XXX. I said
nothing of the sort.)

What came next? We played a XXX together and, out of sheer luck, I
chanced upon a winning strategy, while she took the wrong one; I tried
not to play against her (even though that would defeat the purpose of
playing) and even forfeited my points, as I didn't care, just to cheer
her up. Again, I was good and didn't get defensive. Eventually, I
managed to convince her that the XXX was broken/badly designed and
agreed with her that it was because I went first. (It wasn't; the XXX
seemed fine, she just took the wrong strategy. Happens to everyone; no
need to be such a sore loser about it.)

Because of the building works, we're going back and forward to my
parents' a lot and that means I have to negotiate additional working
from home. She is used to my old boss, who would let more-or-less
anything go. I don't really care for my new boss, but I don't think he's
being unreasonable when he says I can only have 2 days/week and need to
be here on certain days, etc. She doesn't see it that way and expects
everything to resolve around her.

When we came back from M&D's, XXX returned home. M&D had been looking
after him for a few weeks. He'll have to go back, when our flat goes
back on the market. M&D did a good job of looking after him and XXX was
obviously thankful about that, but she's become totally reliant upon
him. She said something to the effect of, "I can't do anything without
XXX" in all seriousness. Yet, ironically, she regularly forgets about
his welfare (e.g., again to avoid the building noise, we're staying in
XXX for one night; I had to ask, yet again, "What about XXX?")

Then she started to become very needy, saying things like "You haven't
said you love me for a few days". Usually at the most awkward times.
Then, when I don't reciprocate, blaming it on the argument that she
misremembered. Perhaps I'm just busy or feel that the message is lost if
I repeated it all the time. Perhaps if she hadn't have been so crazy for
the past week-or-so, I would be more spontaneous about such things. The
next day, when I knew what to say on cue, I was criticised for not
hugging her enough. I can't win! Even when we had sex -- which was quite
unexpected and I didn't really have a choice -- I was criticised!

You know what this week of craziness corresponded to? Her period. Every
damn time it's the same: She's fine for two-and-a-bit weeks every month,
but then goes absolutely mental for a bit. I hope I'm not being
condescending: I don't know what it's like, but other women generally
don't act like she does. It's a roller coaster that just breeds
resentment and I need to be careful about every little thing I say and
every bad thing that happens, even if it's not my fault.

For example: She got me to return a XXX for her from a store that was
closing down and they refused. It said quite clearly on the receipt that
returns wouldn't be accepted and it was very difficult for me to
convince her that this wasn't my fault. Then there's the text I sent to
M&D explaining our visit plans: she thought it implicated her, whereas I
was just being factual and, yes, actually, we are making the trip
because of her. Jeez!

I am fed up of this back-and-forwards craziness. I've made it clear that
I don't have a problem with moving to XXX and am actively trying to
accomplish this for her; for us. In the meantime, I'm trying to stay
employed and also keep my parents on side (they can see things aren't
quite right, but don't know the details so make assumptions; which I've
been quick to correct). I don't deserve this shit; meanwhile, my life
continues to stall and go nowhere.

This isn't a new phenomenon either. I remember taking a walk in XXX --
so it would have been summer of 2012; seven years ago -- when I promised
myself that I wouldn't let her get in the way of my ambitions.  In my
notes from 2018 are my New Years resolutions, which include: "Make time
for yourself to do the things you want to do". There's always something
and, apparently, it's always my fault.
