Thursday: Told when to take WFH next week and that, if it was to my
detriment, then that was too bad. I said something to the like of "maybe
I just won't get any WFH" and she interpreted this as a "threat" and it
started a fight. I managed to nip it in the bud quite quickly, but it
pissed me off. She's asking me to WFH for her benefit when she wants,
regardless of what I want. I could have phrased it better, sure, but she
doesn't seem to appreciate what I'm doing.

She again brought up that driving so far to work wasn't very
environmentally friendly. This came up because, earlier in the week, she
questioned the Extinction Rebellion protests, largely because they
inconvenienced her. We got into a conversation about how, in my opinion,
we need to do as much as we can to make a difference. She didn't buy it
and tried to point me out as a hypocrite for driving so much (and that
we should get a hybrid/electric car). She has a point -- and its the one
part of driving that particularly bothers me -- but she glosses over a
view important truths:

1. I drive because we live so far away from my work; we moved for her.
   Before I took the bus almost every day. I'm not going to be forced
   out of my job (again) because of her. I wanted to live closer to a
   convenient train station, but that apparently was inconvenient for
   her. Let's not forget that she seems to be able to WFH most of the
   week; that "inconvenience" for her is very much imaginary compared to
   what I have to do. I'm complicit in this "choice", of course, but
   only insofar as I have the option of "agreeing or abuse."

2. We could get a more environmentally car, but who is going to pay for
   it? They're not cheap and their economy would not make up the
   difference in cost to me. The environment is very important to me,
   but I can't help it -- nor can I help myself improve my situation --
   if I'm broke.

Sunday: More bloody XXX, rushed out of bed, etc. Day was OK, but I
didn't really want to be involved. When back at home, apropos of
nothing, XXX brought up that my parents were weird for not letting us
keep stuff at their place. This came almost out of nowhere and I avoided
rising against it, but again, the world doesn't revolve around her.

Monday: Do I eat excessively whenever I feel lonely? That makes sense. I
don't understand why people are apprehensive of me. I try to be
friendly, but it doesn't really work and, thereafter, people just ignore
or avoid me. I don't understand. What I really don't understand is how
others -- including XXX -- don't get this treatment. It's like they
don't consider me genuine, for some reason. I don't know :( Do I just
come across as needy? This is why I like animals more than people: give
them a cuddle and some food and they're you're friend. That's all I
need.
