Grieving is a deeply unsettling and personal experience. Everyone does
so in their own way -- each of which is valid and should be respected --
but when methods are incompatible, something has to give.

The way I grieve is through commemoration. I want to be sad and I want
to remember XXX, for all the awesome things he stood for. Wanting to be
sad is weird: Sunday was the first day since Wednesday on which I didn't
really cry. I feel like I've actually slipped into something deeper --
but not uncontrollably so, perhaps thanks to the antidepressants -- but
I genuinely feel guilty for now not feeling "sad enough". My bunny is
gone. I'll never see or play with him again. He wasn't even two years
old and such a sweetie. Why can't I cry any more?  Maybe I'm just out of
tears.

XXX's way of grieving is very much a "slash-and-burn" approach. As I
say, I respect that: if that's what helps her, then so be it. The
problem comes that, because I'm so weak, it forces me to have to grieve
in private. I actually expect a point to come where XXX will tell me to
no longer be sad -- like it's something one can just switch off --
because my pain affects her too much. So I have to keep it to myself,
which hurts even more.

I had to remove all evidence of XXX when we got back from the hospital.
I threw away his food, his toys, his hutch. Everything. I saw the bin
men take it away this morning and it made me feel very sad. We got a
card from the hospital with their condolences and some forget me not
seeds -- such a lovely gesture -- which I had to throw away. I fished
them out of the bin: the card now stands on my desk at work and I
planted the seeds in their nature reserve. I hope they flourish. I even
had to dispose of the birthday present I painstakingly made for XXX,
which was XXX themed. I rescued that, too. The hospital gave us the
option of having XXX cremated; I have taken that option, unbeknownst to
XXX.

I realise I'm holding on to attachment. Perhaps that's not healthy.
Maybe closure is a good way of moving on. Maybe I don't want to move on.
I loved XXX with all my heart. Over the past 3 years, his little face
has been my only joy. I love little animals; they're so much better than
people. I feel guilty for his death: I could argue that it was my fault.
As I've said before, XXX didn't mistreat XXX -- not at all -- but
because of the circumstances, his welfare was often (not unreasonably)
superseded by her own. I should have challenged her more, but I'm too
weak to stand up to her. Either that, or I should have been strong
enough to accommodate both of them. I'm sorry XXX.

It is some consolation that, in the last few weeks of his life, I spent
a lot of time with him, got to know him better and -- I genuinely
believe -- he grew to really love me back. Not just because I provided
food. He was lonely and I was there for him, when I could be. He even
started giving me kisses when I cuddled him. I'll never forget those
sweet little licks against my wrist. I tried to make his hutch as clean
as possible, despite his pooping problem, and got him a new tunnel to
play with. I gave him treats -- he really loved basil, even more than
parsley -- in the last few days of his life. I didn't know that would
come, at the time, of course, I just thought he could do with some
attention and love.

When he collapsed, I comforted him while we waited for XXX to go to the
bathroom. I spoke softly and gently stroked him. I was the last person
to handle him while he was alive, as I carefully cradled him into his
carrier for the trip to the hospital. I tried to get there as fast and
as comfortably as I could, but it was too late. I'm sorry XXX.

In the meantime, I pray for XXX. I forgot on Saturday night and felt
awful on Sunday morning. I used to do this as a child; pray for the
people and pets whom we had lost. The rational part of me cannot abide
by the notion of religion, but the deeper, spiritual part of me still
clings on to it. Perhaps it's hope that I'll see all those whom I loved
again at some point.

I've kept all my photos of XXX -- and salvaged as many as I could from
other sources -- while XXX has deleted all of hers. This has made me
quite upset, because she had at least as many as I did and some which I
would have liked. I will compile these with his ashes and the poem I
wrote, maybe some forget me not flowers will also join in time.

This is how I want to remember XXX. Not by removing myself from
everything to do with him. Not by getting new bunnies -- which would
suffer a similar fate, I fear -- despite what others say. This is my
way. I'll never forget you XXX.

I'm crying now.
