I want to say that I feel trapped. I hesitate to do so, because this is
the term that XXX uses and, were she to ever read this, she'd probably
counter me by claiming that this is nothing compared to how she felt. As
such, let me put it like this: I feel squashed. I can't move.
Claustrophobic. I want to cry, but I can't even do that.

Yesterday, mum and dad came to visit after going to the theatre. I was
really pleased and happy to see them. I always am, these days. I miss
them and being with them always reminds me -- much like when I'm with
friends, but more so -- how real people behave.

I worked from home. XXX interrupted me for much of the day -- including,
again, the request for sex which, this time, I couldn't get away with
turning down -- so I didn't get enough done. Now at work, I feel behind
and under the potential cosh; exacerbated by my need to write this down
before it consumes me. Otherwise, that passed without incident. The only
thing worth noting is that XXX noticed that my beard has started to
grey.  I first noticed this nearly two years ago, so I don't know what
took her so long. Needless to say, she mocked me for it.

When mum and dad arrived, XXX was polite and engaged with them. I was
actually glad that she appeared to have a good time. She looked a bit
bored during dinner, but seemed to get by. After they retired to their
hotel, we went to XXX's, just as something to do.

During which, XXX was trying to explain her opinion of Australians,
given her recent work. She ultimately settled on "laissez faire", but
when I tried to counter this with XXX as my example, things started
going down hill. Not because I didn't agree with her, but because I used
XXX (and XXX)'s apparent wealth as a proxy for what I presume to be
their work ethic. Apparently I make this argument "every five minutes"
and that it implies to XXX that I am envious of their material success.
I'm not, which I spent the next 20 minutes or so trying to establish. I
respect XXX and XXX enormously; I would say that I admire them and how
together they seem to have everything, rather than being envious. It's
not about jealousy, it's about aspiration. I don't care for material
wealth particularly, but they appear to have worked hard to earn the
respect of others and built strong lives, without loss of humility or
hospitality. They're good people.

While XXX's insistence on my apparent materialism was quite trying, I
don't really care. I now, however, know it's yet another thing that I
can't talk about without being misrepresented. Stupid me for forgetting
not to say anything. What really grated me, however, was how she claimed
not to care less about such things. I guess this is because she "has
rich parents", as she puts it, or "wishes I could earn more" as she also
once said. Whatever.

When we got home, I don't remember how the topic came up, but she
asserted that, not only was I aloof when we first met, but I continue to
sometimes be aloof; like I didn't need her. She dropped the subject
surprisingly quickly when I reinstated my feeling of her distance and
how it hadn't changed recently. "Need", in my opinion, is not a good
foundation of a relationship.

At about 2am, after she finally emerged from the bathroom, she accused
me of not doing the laundry every day, despite her instruction. I
actually have been doing the laundry every day; it's just that today I
had to do a special "nuke" wash of my clothes because I went for a flu
jab (and visiting the doctor's apparently makes me a walking biohazard).
It also transpired that what she was complaining about -- a lack of
pyjamas -- wasn't even true: there was a clean set just waiting there
for her. Whatever.
