Yesterday evening, we went to XXX to play XXX. That was fine.  Usually
we would go a bit earlier, because I'd work from home for the day, but
that wasn't an option yesterday. Nevertheless, we got there at a
reasonable time and, while the XXX weren't particularly fun, it was an
enjoyable enough evening.

Earlier in the day, XXX cooked her own lunch. As whenever she cooks her
own lunch, she left all the washing up to do. What's more, her pot
boiled over -- which is an honest mistake -- and that was also left for
me to clean up. When we returned at about 10pm.

However, clean it up I did, but obviously I was a bit annoyed by this
and, apparently, exposed this through modulating the pitch of my voice.
(Apparently this is the way I express my dissatisfaction with her
exclusively. She may be right, but neither of us have evidence to the
contrary. If that is the case, it's better than her constant shouting
and undermining.) Anyway, the fact that I was cleaning up her mess
turned into an argument that was apparently my fault.

I managed to quell this relatively quickly, but it was still quite
exhausting. I hadn't done anything wrong -- quite the opposite -- and I
was genuinely not accusing her of anything, either. That was enough to
set her off and make me the bad guy, though.

While I was cleaning, it occurred to me that on the day we move, XXX
would be alone for longer than I had originally thought. I expressed
this and tried to express that I didn't like this situation; that made
things worse, apparently. I don't know why she treats XXX like a toy;
poor thing.

Anyway, guess what time of the month it is? Why did I forget to just
shut up and not say anything, to avoid any backlash? Fuck my life.
