I'm back at work, after a long weekend. I was dreading this, as I do any
extended time with XXX, as it has the potential to explode. It was OK
for the most part, with me noting XXX's various character flaws, but
obviously not reacting to them. Then it came to its inevitable head on
Sunday.

On Thursday evening, I think it was, we were discussing the latest
potential XXX deal, amongst other politics. She seems to have changed
her tune. She was once vehemently pro-XXX -- as am I -- but now there's
a prospect of XXX coming into power, which jeopardises her job (they've
pledged to scrap her employer), she's now completely open to leaving the
XXX, if it keeps the XXX in government. She has a right to her opinion,
but it's obviously very self-centred. I appreciate that her employment
is very important to her and that, if her job were threatened, it would
cause her stress and the work of finding something new. However, to
elevate her personal interests over something so fundamental --
something that she herself appeared to believe in, not so long ago --
struck me as disingenuous. I think all she really believes in is
herself.

Friday was our day off. We didn't have plans, but XXX wanted to get a
flu shot. Fair enough. Just before noon, she proposed that we go to XXX,
because -- of course -- she wanted to visit some XXX shop and, she felt,
a small town wouldn't be so busy, compared to XXX, for getting her
inoculation. The fact that it's a two hour drive away didn't enter her
equation. However, even though I would have had to do all the work, I
basically had to agree otherwise face the consequences. So off to XXX we
went.

The XXX shop was a bit of a waste of time. That was her opinion; it's
always mine. She bought some things, but it wasn't worth a four hour
drive. Then, it turned out, that most of the pharmacies in a small town
were not accepting walk-in patients so early in the flu season. (Unless
they were vulnerable -- disabled or elderly -- which XXX couldn't
understand nor accept that she didn't fit this description.) We
frantically tried contacting pharmacies trying to find one within a 20
mile radius that was doing so. Nothing. XXX became increasingly agitated
and turned this on me. I said something to the like of, "I understand
you're upset that we cannot find a flu jab, but it's not my fault." I
said it calmly and it seemed to shut her up, but I was now on edge
because -- if we couldn't find anything -- it would be laid on me. In
the end, I drove to the nearest XXX to discover they were -- thank
goodness -- doing walk-ins and that was resolved. I got no appreciation
for driving her all the way to XXX for basically nothing and ultimately
finding her a serviceable solution; only flak.

When we finally got home, my knee was really hurting me. I think I
twisted it awkwardly in the XXX shop and the drive home made it worse.
Anyway, that's not important. We played one of the XXX she had bought
that day. It was a deduction XXX with an element of logic involved,
which -- in principal -- I quite liked the sound of. However, that part
involved writing on single-use sheets of paper, which she repeatedly
disallowed me to. This made the most interesting aspect of the XXX
impossible, thus rendering it a waste of time for me. All because she
didn't want to use the playing sheets for what they're meant for. What a
surprise.

Saturday passed without incident. It almost flared up when we were
deciding where to go for dinner. I didn't want to go to the XXX place
*again*. Fortunately, I agreed to the expensive XXX place -- almost by
accident -- and that nipped the problem in the bud.

Sunday started off strangely. I was woken at about 9:30am with the offer
of sex (post-shower, of course). I had just been woken up and, frankly,
wasn't really in the mood. Also, I was aware that, because we were going
out to play XXX, the "scheduling" would be challenging and any
infraction would be deemed my fault. It was a complicated situation. If
I declined, it would raise questions and trigger her neediness and
insecurity. She instead let me sleep for a bit, but I obviously couldn't
because I was weighing up the best solution. After about half-an-hour I
decided I was up for it -- to avoid the potential backlash -- but she
had fallen asleep. When she woke, she said that the moment had passed.
That's fine; it solved my dilemma. However, what if I was actually up
for it? In the time it would have taken for me to wash, she would have
presumably also lost interest and I would have wasted my sleep for
nothing. Anyway, on the whole, I'm glad nothing happened and she didn't
seem annoyed/upset, because I really wasn't up for it.

Later we went to play XXX. We played a XXX that I really didn't
understand; only vaguely getting it right at the end, when it was far
too late to do anything useful. I was thoroughly bored for most of the
afternoon. Then I played a move that inadvertently really screwed up
XXX's strategy. I had no idea it would cause her such harm, but it was
the last round and it's just a XXX, I thought. How wrong was I? My move,
which I later (albeit a bit too late) tried to rescind, caused her to
come joint second (by one point), rather than outright first. (I came
last, by the way, by -- even with my "good" last move -- about 30
points.) I didn't do this to screw her over. Like I say, I actually
didn't realise. When I tried to take it back, I added something like,
"If you're going to be grumpy." I meant this non-seriously, as we were
amongst friends and IT WAS JUST A XXX, but she took it as me putting her
on the spot. I didn't mean to put her on the spot, so apologised for
that in the massive fight that followed after we left (about an hour
later).

She accused me of not thinking of her in the consequences of my actions.
That I was actively trying to sabotage her and put her on the spot. That
phrase, "put on the spot", was my wording; I had considered describing
it as humiliation, but thankfully I thought better of it. Not only would
that not be true, but given that she fixated on this point, using more
powerful language would have made her attack harder to fend off. Did I
mention it was just a XXX? She likened my behaviour to when our marriage
almost broke down over her neglect, during the hardest parts of her XXX.
Anyway, I tried to be as non-defensive as possible while she lambasted
me for my failings and her lack of faith in me over dinner (at the XXX
restaurant, I should mention). I only got defensive when she
misrepresented what I said; at first I thought this went down very badly
-- shutting everything down -- but after a while, she ultimately
backtracked. It also gave me time to think and I came up with a number
of counterexamples to defend my position. This also helped sooth the
fight. Amazingly, it ended and XXX seemed resolved. I, however, was --
and still am -- furious inside.

The stakes were so low and the backlash so incredibly overblown. I've
not been happy with her for a while now, and this is just another
instance. When we got home, she wanted to watch TV in our building's
foyer -- which I think is weird -- after she continually insisted, I
said something very dangerous, "It doesn't matter what I want." Or words
to that effect, said quite angrily. I was letting off steam, not
intending to reignite the fight, but amazingly it didn't. Instead she
just laughed at my comment. I hate being duplicitous -- acting like
everything is fine, while secretly loathing her inside -- but her
laughter was such an odd response. It shows that, not only does she
actually understand my sarcastic phrasing -- which she repeatedly claims
not to -- it also implies that her previous rage was perhaps deceitful.
What is going on? Is she playing me? I've long had my suspicions, which
I've brushed off as baseless in the past, but increasingly I feel she is
gaslighting me.

I cannot decide which is worse. My job, in which I'm bored and
undervalued; or my relationship/home-life, where I'm basically bullied
and servile. I need to change these, or it'll be the death of me, but I
don't know how. I'm also very aware that I don't want to come across as
a victim; not out of some sense of pride or ego, or whatever, but just
as it's psychologically limiting to think in such terms and I don't want
to trap myself. I need to be at peak judgement to get out.

Ever since XXX died, I've been praying. First it was to make sure he
knew I was still thinking of him, that I missed him and that I was sorry
for what had happened. Later I added a thought for those whom I love,
for their happiness and protection. Recently, I have added to this
again: seeking strength and acuity while dealing with XXX's behaviour. I
believe that something greater than what is presented permeates
existence; perhaps not physically, but in some kind of shared spiritual
sense amongst the natural world, manifested the most keenly by virtue of
innocence (e.g., plants, wind, water, little animals, children, etc.).
Perhaps trying to communicate with that is futile -- or even deluded --
in the sense that it could never accomplish anything, but it at least
focuses the mind.
