Nowadays, I try to go to bed at a relatively reasonable time. Sometimes
I don't manage it, because we get back late from whatever (presumably
XXX). XXX goes to the bathroom and can stay up as long as she likes, for
all I care. Although, she'll often wake me up when she finally goes to
bed. My point being that I almost get enough sleep. I still find myself
pretty tired, at times, and would like the weekend to recover (which I
never get), but it's manageable. At, of course, the expense of me being
able to do anything I would like.

For example, yesterday evening, after I got home, rather than go
straight to the XXX thing in XXX, I did the washing up that XXX had
left. That took nearly an hour. I didn't really want to play XXX and I
definitely didn't want to stay up a further hour once we returned, so it
seemed like an obvious sequencing. Of course, it would have been nice if
she'd done her own washing up, but that's never going to happen.

Recently, however, XXX has started to actively complain about me
snoring.  She'll wake me up in the middle of the night to tell me as
such. How would she like it if I were to wake her up when she's snoring?
This is annoying, at best, but what troubles me is that the reason I
know this is because she's done it while I'm awake and clearly not
snoring. I don't believe it's possible to be awake, somehow snoring and
not realise it. It's as though she's purposely trying to undermine me.

Today I'm obligated to work from home again, largely for her benefit.
The table is such a mess, with her stuff all over the place, that
there's no where for me to work. I have a lot to do -- I don't have time
to clear up her mess all the time -- so I'm forced to work down on the
beanbag. Like a peasant. Hopefully it won't screw my back up.

On an unrelated note, on Tuesday, I think, I learned that one of my
colleagues -- XXX -- was employed as a "Principal Software Developer". I
have nothing against XXX, he's a nice guy, but if he's a principal, then
I'm also a principal: after all, I designed and implemented the test
during his recruitment. I also have suspicions that, while XXX is a
Senior grade, he's being paid more than I am.  Regardless, I want
Principal and the salary that goes with it, given my superior skills and
knowledge in my area. I don't really know how to go about this and I'm
upset that I even have to consider it; let alone feeling unvalued, which
-- with the lack of sleep -- is really affecting my productivity.
