I dreamt of XXX again on Friday. It was a good dream. He was playing in
the car's (open) glove box. I was stroking him and he was hopping around
my hand. He was so soft. Then I had another bunny dream on Saturday,
with two bunnies: I didn't identify either of them as XXX, but they
looked similar. They were snuggled together. Maybe it was XXX and his
brother. Anyway, best not to read too much into it; it's just random, as
I said. It's nice to remember him like this, though.

I received his ashes on Friday. That was quite sad. We got another card
from our old vets in XXX -- with whom we're still registered -- with
their condolences and more forget me not seeds. I'm keeping these all to
myself because it triggers XXX, but I still want to commemorate him.
Also, I increasingly believe she doesn't deserve any of it.

I blamed myself in a previous entry. I still blame myself for being weak
and not standing up to XXX, but the responsibility squarely lies mostly
with her. We got XXX because she threw a fit -- I'm still secretly glad
that she cut her hand in her blind rage -- I love XXX, but I was against
the idea because I knew I'd be the one doing most of the work.  To her
credit, XXX did do a lot, but it's still true that I did most (i.e., a
little bit more than 50%) of the work, while she got most of the
"benefit" (in the sense of, until the very end, spending quality time
with him). I ultimately didn't complain because I was doing this work
for XXX, not for her. What I didn't foresee was the way in which she
basically treated him like a toy for her own welfare. That's not to say
she didn't love him or look after him, but XXX's well-being was
secondary. That's why he didn't get the care he needed in the last weeks
of his life. I feel so sorry for the little guy: he was alone, in an
unusual and quite unpleasant (it being so hot and dry in our new flat)
environment and unwell. Poor little XXX. I'm sorry.

I think it was because he was unwell that he started peeing on XXX,
rather than for any other reason. I'm glad that it stopped her from
cuddling him though, because he clearly didn't like it some of the time.
I'm more happy that the way I treated him in those final weeks, with
gentleness and patience, led him to really love me back. I'll always
remember when he was playing on my belly, while I was lying on the
beanbag, and he came to investigate my face with his tickly whiskers.
When I let him play in the hallway, although he wasn't really up for it,
so he knew he wasn't confined permanently to his hutch. Or when, as I
said before, he kept licking my wrist, as though to say he loved me
back.

Anyway, that's the happy part of this entry. The rest is fuelled by hurt
at XXX's various episodes over the weekend, where her fury was directly
focussed on me. Time of the month again? More-or-less, but that's no
excuse.

On Saturday morning she said she wanted to buy a new jacket. I was
interested in why she wanted a new one, since she already has several.
That was all I meant by it, but she took it to mean that I was being
thrifty and questioning her spending. Not at all. I would never be
stupid enough to do that! Of course, XXX doesn't give me the benefit of
the doubt and Saturday morning turned into me fighting for my
forgiveness -- not that I had done anything wrong -- bombarded with
constant and unreasonable criticism. "If you're so interested in what
things cost, you should have married a Scottish woman!" she shouted at
me, or words to that effect. I didn't bite, but if she wanted someone
who was blunt and direct with her, then she probably shouldn't have
married a XXX person. It's true, I forgot myself: Don't say anything,
little bear. Don't say anything. Literally anything you say could be
turned against you and probably will be at some point. Don't let her
undermine your confidence any more.

Anyway, apparently this was predicated on something -- not even a whole
sentence -- that I had said on Tuesday. That too wasn't about money, in
a frugality sense, but God knowns what she's thinking half the time. I
don't have the energy to recount this, but it obviously set the scene
for the rest of the day and, indeed, the whole weekend.

We went to play XXX, again. It wasn't my kind of XXX -- not that many
are -- but it was quite social and good to interact with normal people.
Then we went to XXX, but apparently I took the wrong XXX route and that
set her off again. My route was ten stops with two changes, which I felt
would have been the quickest; her route was thirteen stops with one
change, but avoiding the XXX. She doesn't like the XXX. I don't like any
of the XXX lines, but when I complain about them, she criticises me. It
was stuffy, sure, and changing is a bit of a chore, but if that
genuinely exhausted her, then she should see a doctor. Of course she
wouldn't because she was just being melodramatic and finding any excuse
possible to criticise me. Whatever.  It made me angry inside, but I know
better than to bite back.

She said something like, "Could you think about me more?" When was the
last time she thought about me? Was it when I had to give up on
basically all my worldly possessions when we moved, because of her? Was
it when I had to give up all my time because she can't apparently look
after herself and needs to play XXX every waking moment? Was it when I
gave up almost all my income to service her lifestyle? Was it when I
gave up my ambitions because it didn't align with hers? She's angry with
me because she (ironically) wasn't direct enough about taking a route on
the XXX that she wanted. Maybe she shouldn't be such a hypocrite.

She accused me of being "overconfident" in my decision. There was
nothing wrong with my decision. This is clear gaslighting and/or
narcissism.

When we got home, she discovered that I'd left the laundry to be done in
the evening. Doing it during the day would have left it smelly. I would
have set a timer, but because she wanted to fight, it didn't leave a lot
of time for that and so we just left in a hurry (a point that I didn't
bring up, for obvious reasons). This worked her up again. "I
single-handedly did the laundry over the past year!" "You should set a
reminder on your phone to do it every day!", etc. First off, she hasn't
done it for a whole year and while it was mostly single-handedly, it
wasn't 100% so. I'd also point out that she generally did a pretty bad
job of it and complained constantly. Also, I genuinely did the laundry
single-handedly for over four years and did -- and continue to do --
almost everything else single-handedly since. What about the huge pile
of washing up she leaves for me almost every day? Or the rubbish she
fails to get rid of? The only reason the laundry even needs to be done
every day is because she wants her entire set of cloths and towels
washed after being used once. I can understand this for the most part,
but trousers don't need washing daily. Nor do towels. Most of my
(personal) objection to the laundry is how wasteful she is about it.
Most of my objections to anything she does is how wasteful and
unnecessary they are; it's never anything so specific or meaningless as
"money". That's all she understands, though.

Anyway, I did both batches of laundry as planned with nothing bad
happening. Who would have thought!? I had to get up early on Sunday to
do this, but whatever. Of course, she did this too, but when she didn't
have a job; a detail she conveniently omitted. When, before, I suggested
she go play XXX alone on Sunday and I stay at home to do the chores, she
wouldn't let me. So much for having a choice over whether to play or
not. The rest of Sunday proceeded without incident, but with obvious
distance between us. I tried to cheer her up and engage with her, but
she was back to her usual distant self. Why do I bother?

I'm at work today. I didn't really want to come, but I'd rather do so
than remain at home. I'm forced to work from home, tomorrow; again, for
her benefit. I don't really want to. It's my birthday on Wednesday, I
wanted to work from home then, but what she wanted was apparently more
important. Perhaps I'd rather be at work than with her on that day.

I hate my job.
I hate my wife.
XXX's gone.
Fuck my life.
