Something is amiss.

It's a gut feeling, but gut feelings -- as I understand them -- are
motivated by gradual interpretation of new experiences, filtered through
those of the past. They're biased and not objective facts, but they have
value, as a proxy to the truth. If something feels wrong, then something
is wrong; not necessarily how you expect, but in some sense that is
strong enough to elicit a reaction. The only exception to this would be
if one were deluded, but that's not the case: I am fully in charge of my
wits and something is categorically not right.

These alarms are the same from the recent past, having only been subdued
temporarily. Maybe they never went away -- my fingernails and waistline
are a testament to that -- and I just chose to consciously ignore them.
Now they are back, writ large. Hence me writing here again.

However, obviously I cannot "monitor" the situation with XXX explicitly,
in the sense of keeping records. That would be weird; an invasion of
trust. Plus, it would be best to be as objective as possible, to avoid
seeding doubt, or if my fears are due to other stimuli. Thus all I can
do is keep this log of what happens, from my perspective, and how I feel
about it at, or immediately after, the time. It's not ideal, as it's
circumstantial, but it's unhealthy for me -- anyone -- to keep things
pent up or allow it to take on a life of its own. At least this way it's
black-and-white.

It all started at the end of October. I was writing here quite regularly
at that point, which is coincidental with increased tensions. The time
came for me to calculate XXX's half of the increased food expense, from
her decision for us to eat out most of the time. I had observed that, on
average, XXX ordered about 50% more than I did. I thus thought it
reasonable to split the bill proportionally, calculating our individual
contributions. This went down extraordinarily badly. She accused me of
being petty and brought up, again, that she works for my benefit [she
doesn't] and that the money from her parents [which I'm only aware of on
trust] vastly outweighs any input I could ever provide, be it monetary
or in terms of physical labour.

Needless to say, she was incredibly angry with me and the animosity
lasted overnight. It was so acute, we took sick leave and, as we began
to resolve things, booked a hotel break near XXX to cool off.  That
helped, but things didn't ultimately calm down for a few days.

I just want things to be balanced and, on the evidence I had at the time
-- the continuing erosion of fairness in our relationship, plus her
almost reckless abandon with our money, that overwhelmingly favour her
interests over mine or ours -- I felt it necessary to redress. Her
argument was that I'm obsessive over this and that, when she mentioned
her parent's money, I backtracked because I apparently realised it would
benefit me. For what it's worth, I don't care about her parent's money.
I don't want it. She may have suffered to acquire this wealth, but --
while I'm sorry she had to go through that -- that wasn't my decision. I
just want balance and, if it comes to it, I'm not going to deprive her
of her family's wealth. It's got nothing to do with me.

Since this episode, we've both been trying hard to "be nice". She
listened to my reluctance over XXX, even though we've gone over it
before. She agreed that I could go to fewer events; this has largely
panned out, although I'm still going to quite a lot and it's not been
without infractions. Likewise, I listened to her worries about the dark
winter nights and the stresses of her job, promising to be more
accommodating and -- importantly -- not complain about expense. I've
done that and it was taken with gratitude when I showed her I'd written
down a list of "rules" about how to be better.

Things seemed to improve. However, there were occasions when something
quite faltering penetrated instead through this veneer. Each instance of
which becoming increasingly unreasonable.

First, there was the question of the general election. XXX works for XXX
and, during the XXX conference, they announced that they'd eliminate it.
I'm not a XXX supporter, per se, and I agree with XXX that their
reasoning leaves a lot to be desired. However, I was told I couldn't
vote for XXX. When a friend made it clear they were a XXX supporter, I
was told -- actually, put on the spot -- to try to persuade him
otherwise. I don't have a problem with challenging another's opinion (or
being challenged, myself), but I shouldn't be told to do so; especially
when I largely agree with him.

That is, while I'm not a XXX supporter specifically, I am left wing.  I
was planning on voting for the XXX -- because I think, currently and
immediately, revoking XXX is more important than anything else -- but
then they too pledged to dismantle XXX! I was thus told I could not vote
for them. Fine, my final backup plan was XXX; my second most important
cause. In almost comic fashion, they followed suit. Thus the only party
left was the XXX and I cannot vote for the XXX. This left me with one
option: I could not vote.

XXX did vote XXX. In fact, in subsequent discussions, she's revealed
herself to be actually quite centre-right. That's fine. Also, I
understand the dissonance in voting for a party that has vowed to remove
your employer: to her, it's an existential crisis. I don't want XXX to
lose her job -- one that she seems to really enjoy -- but I'd rather
that than the chaos of leaving the XXX. I would support her either way.
So I voted in secret. I feel deceitful: One vote won't make a
difference, so I could have just left it, but I'm a person of principle
and being denied a say seemed unjust.

Next up were more trivial things. I remember having to get up early to
take the car to the garage. This woke her up and she snapped at me. Then
I promised to pick her up from the station, after a XXX evening: I made
every effort to make the rendezvous, but while I was doing the chores
(throwing out her rubbish and doing her washing up), I missed her call.
She screamed at me for making her wait 10 minutes. It was cold and dark
-- not ideal conditions for her to wait in -- but it was an honest
mistake. I didn't mean to and I was very apologetic. It almost reduced
me to tears as she laid into me.

During the argument at the end of October, XXX had suggested I see my
therapist -- whom I hadn't visited since 2016 -- once she learned that I
was taking antidepressants in secret, but (less selflessly) to also get
advice on how I should communicate. She often brings up the latter, not
willing to concede that communication involves more than just one party.
Anyway, I went along at the end of November; she doesn't know, at time
of writing, and had forgotten about the idea. It was a useful session
and XXX gave me a few helpful suggestions:

1. Agree to do things for "us", even if you aren't particularly keen.
   For example, we go playing XXX because it makes XXX happy and I want
   her to enjoy herself. Let her know that, rather than letting her know
   that I don't really want to be there.

2. Cultivate empathy by, instead of reaming through her litany of
   triggers to know what not to say, saying the thing that would
   resonate the most in the situation, providing it's true. For example,
   when I forgot to pick her up in time, I could have started by voicing
   how she must feel (e.g., "disappointed"), rather than apologising and
   trying to explain myself (which would come later).

3. This isn't a tip, as such, but he mentioned that XXX's personality
   may not be fully-formed in English, yet, because it takes time to
   develop. (He cited evidence that suggests personalities can differ
   significantly in different languages/cultural backgrounds and that
   they can take time to crystallise.) This can explain the overriding
   ego, but the plasticity is also an opportunity for change.

One thing I would note, however, is that XXX did seem mostly in
agreement with my assessment of things. He did counter some things, so I
don't believe he was pandering. We didn't discuss the details of
everything, but that does give me some confidence and has given me a
clearer perspective of subsequent events.

A particular thing he asked was, "What do you get out of the
relationship?" This is a question I've asked myself many times. I
answered with, "Companionship." He challenged me on this, at the time,
and I defended my answer because it's true that I get lonely and she's
there when others mightn't be. That said, having thought about this more
over the past few days, I also remembered another belief: that a pet
would probably provide the same, if not healthier, companionship.

During this month, my usual apprehension about the weekends or working
from home disappeared. I looked forward to spending time with XXX and
trying to develop our relationship. However, the killer blow happened on
Thursday. It may seem trivial, but the sentiment behind it is such that
I had a physical reaction to her request: She asked me to remove XXX
from our place, because it reminds her of XXX.

XXX is my bear. He's been my bear for over 30 years. He doesn't look
like XXX and, personally, I don't think her avoidance of the subject is
particularly healthy. I miss XXX too. She explained that the darker
nights were exacerbating her problem, so I conceded -- very reluctantly
-- to put him away during the winter. (Although, I suspect this will be
vetoed when the daylight returns.) Nothing more was said, but I'm very
upset about this.

At first I was inclined to believe her, about it being too much for her
to bear. Then, the following day, she asked me if I was grumpy because
of XXX. I was actually just tired, but the way it was put made it clear
that she knew exactly what she was doing. This is no different to all
her other forms of control.

I cannot say anything to her intentions -- are abusers ever intentional,
or is it just pathological? -- but she fits the definition of coercive
control:

* Cycles of positive and negative reinforcement: She flatters me when
  things seem fine; but platitudes are superficial. She'll just as
  easily, and quite subtly, undermine me with cutting depth (e.g.,
  making light of my insecurities).

* Psychological punishment: These logs are a testament to her irrational
  overreactions and explosive anger. When things aren't so heated, she
  will either be all over me -- acting very needily -- or be completely
  aloof, ignoring me. I said earlier that she provides companionship; if
  I think about it, I often feel very alone when she's right there next
  to me.

* Divide and rule: I don't really have friends of my own, any more. XXX
  controls our friendships. If that weren't bad enough, if she (for
  whatever reason) finds cause to break off a friendship, I'm expected
  to accede. For example, this weekend we say XXX and XXX; for some
  reason, XXX believes XXX's attitude to our friendship to be somehow
  disingenuous. I don't get this impression and she's not the first
  person to get this black mark against her! I've lost, or been forced
  to lose friends because of XXX's opinions. A similar effect can be
  seen with my family, but she's been less successful in changing my
  opinions fortunately.

* Economic abuse: This is more passive, but it seems weird to me how XXX
  can spend lots of money on clothes and XXX -- anything that she wants
  -- whereas I can barely make ends meet, spending almost all the money
  I earn on rent, food and utilities. She does contribute, don't get me
  wrong -- in fact, this is the weakest part of the argument, I think --
  but I could never drop more than, say, XXX on something I wanted. It's
  lucky that I don't want for much.

Anyway, as I say, something is not right and I'm upset. I'm trying to
improve our relationship and will continue to do so, applying the useful
suggestions that XXX gave me. However, I see no meaningful reciprocation
from XXX. I'm trying to give her the benefit of the doubt, but that's
becoming increasingly difficult.
