# Wednesday, 25th September, 2019

I'm not having a particularly happy birthday. I'm here at work, doing
shit that I don't really want to. I had to hang around in the morning,
waiting for XXX and giving her a lift to the station. I couldn't even
make a stop at the services to treat myself, because the traffic was too
bad.

I bought myself a book when I got to work. Mum and dad also sent me some
things: The book I asked for and, I suspect -- I haven't had the
opportunity to open the package yet -- a new phone, which I told them
not to go to the trouble of. I'm grateful, nonetheless; it's nice there
are some people who are looking out for me. I've just got to focus on
them; the people who really love me. That said, I'm really missing XXX,
today :(

XXX did wish me a happy birthday, for what it's worth. On Monday, she
was still obviously annoyed about the "transgressions" (i.e., her
complete overreaction) of the weekend. We didn't fight, but we did come
to an understanding (in the sense that I ultimately just agreed, because
I'm so sick of this): I am (somehow) to frame any money-related comment
in terms of my own deficiency, or otherwise, rather than implying she's
in any way responsible, because that's what her dad would do. I assume
that applies even if she is responsible, because that's what her dad
would do. Maybe she should have married him, instead. Like I say, best
to just not say anything.

---

# Thursday, 26th September, 2019 - Update

I forgot to mention, yesterday, how on Monday, XXX was clearly testing
me.  She was saying, "Love you" all the time. I recognise this pattern;
not only do I need to reciprocate, I need to make sure I get a few "Love
yous" in spontaneously first. Otherwise, she will become needy and
accuse me of being, at best, distant. Fuck her and her shit.

My birthday itself wasn't the worst, but it was down there. I'm grateful
to mum and dad for being there when I called them at lunchtime. They did
get me a new phone, which I'm not upset about, despite asking them not
to. It's not that the value of the gift is important, nor that they
didn't respect my wish, but it's clear they're looking out for me. They
can tell something's not right, I think.

When I returned from work, I went to XXX. I didn't want to play XXX,
particularly, and felt I should treat myself to something nice for
dinner. I couldn't find anywhere that wasn't overpriced, but I settled
for something reasonable in the end; that wasn't bad. Then I went to the
XXX thing and just waited, for about 2 hours, for XXX to finish. She
seemed happy at that point.

This morning, she's actually being quite mean and obnoxious. She'd claim
it was in a joking sense, but it's a bit much. I don't like it and I'm
annoyed by this. Like I say: Fuck her and her shit.

On a different note, you would be forgiven for thinking that I had
become obsessed with XXX, now he's gone. That's not true, but I am
obviously still very upset about it and, at this point, forced to keep
it to myself. This is more keenly felt at the moment because it was my
birthday, yesterday, where I was essentially alone; and otherwise, I
don't have him to take the edge off XXX's attitude. I needed him as much
as he needed me.

I feel bad. Something's about to give, if I'm not careful, I think, and
of course I'll be on the receiving end. That will further undermine me
and make me feel even worse.
