As per the usual routine, things had been steadily improving for a
number of days. Despite the stress of work and the impending move, we
had generally been happy and having fun. Of course, apparently this just
leads me into a false sense of security, destined to collapse as soon as
I accidentally trip up on some unknown slight.

Last night, after a good day, despite having to work from home for
nothing, we tried to play a XXX. I'm fine with playing XXX in the
evening. I guess, if I had a choice, I wouldn't necessarily, but it's
better than doing nothing and XXX enjoys it. So we sat down to learn the
rules: XXX did the relatively easy bit and then we swapped, for me to
take over. I read the rules as well as I could, but they were terrible
and I couldn't understand them. I tried to regurgitate them to XXX, but
didn't do a brilliant job. (To be fair, I had missed the vital part,
slightly further on from where I was told to read. Plus, without
internalising the setup rules that XXX had read, I was rather in the
dark. I maintain that it's an objectively bad idea to try to consume
rules in mutually exclusive pieces; surely any idiot could see that.)

Anyway, my delivery of the rules and the inevitable confusion when we
tried playing led XXX to assume that I hadn't put in my "maximum
effort." (It turned out, when XXX re-read the rules, that I was actually
pretty close to what they should have been; even down to what we
initially saw as broken, but rather just a consequence of a slow start.)
Of course, she kicked off. It was my fault that we didn't understand and
that I had wasted her evening, etc., etc. I don't understand why she
would assume that I would intentionally do a bad job of reading the
rules and wasting both our evenings.

As an aside, I find this an enormous hypocrisy. I regularly ask her to
do simple things like clean up after herself, put rubbish in the bin,
even just putting her used crockery in the dishwasher, rather than
leaving them out for me to do it would be something. Whenever I've dared
to challenge her on this in the past, she kicks off claiming that she's
made "her maximum effort" and she shouldn't be criticised for trying.
I'm not going to comment on the extent of her "maximum", but the double
standard here is ridiculous.

Anyway, I was upset because I did try and she assumed that I hadn't, so
I said something like, "I'm too stupid to understand the rules." It was
nothing about her at all, just a comment to try to express my emotion
while saying that she's better at this than I am. Apparently I shouted
this. I didn't shout this, as I very rarely shout; maybe my voice was
slightly more excited than usual. Of course, that attracted her full ire
and scorn. I just talked it down, while stacking up the XXX components
to help her to put it away, before going to brush my teeth and clean out
XXX (per every other XXX evening).

She took this as me "buggering off", like I had stormed out in a huff.
That's about as far from the truth as can be. She accused me of leaving
her with the packing up, which was also untrue: I sorted things out for
her, all she needed to do was move stacks and bags into the box (maybe
that's too much for her maximum effort). This instigated further
argument.

I couldn't be bothered with this and did my best to cut the argument
short. It went on for a while and restarted a few times, per XXX's
apparent need to always be right, but I managed eventually. She even
apologised for her initial wrong assumption that triggered all this (I
say "apologised" for want of a better word; it was an approximation
thereof.) Still, fuck her.

I'm writing this while waiting for my hospital appointment. When I get
home, I'll have to do her stupid decontamination thing; I'm going to
have to be super-careful not to say the wrong thing (probably safest to
say nothing). I'm surprised I'm even allowed to come to the hospital;
although she had forgotten about it. I also haven't told her yet that
I've been denied working from home in August. This will cause her to go
in to a full meltdown. It's been keeping me awake and giving me genuine
anxiety attacks; if my life wasn't hard enough already.
