Once again we had a fun evening, playing XXX with friends. Once again,
this lulled me into a false sense of security. Perhaps I should always
be on guard and temper what fun I have so I'm less likely to say
something that triggers her.

Anyway, I said something that triggered her. I didn't mean it in the way
she took it and, per routine, I spent the next hour trying to appease
her. Not that I'd done anything wrong intentionally, but that didn't
matter to her.

It was hot, so that didn't help. It's still hot today and I can't be
bothered to recall the ins-and-outs of everything. However, I tried very
hard to be nondefensive and calm and to avoid everything I know that
could trigger her. This seemed to work relatively well. However,
weirdly, this brought about a meta-argument whereby the fact that I keep
this litany of triggers in my head is not a good solution. I'm sorry,
but if you don't want me to trigger you, I'm going to need to know and
remember these triggers. As I've said many times before, I can't predict
the future and therefore I'm likely to trip up over more triggers,
especially when she's so mercurial.

Part of her meta-argument was that these triggers should be more
general, rather than applying to her specifically (except the really big
ones that must be avoided at all costs). To me, this is just a semantic
distinction; I don't have a physical list in my head, but sure,
whatever. She then brought up the "communication course" idea again. I
tried very hard to not feel patronised; I think I managed to at least
present that view point. She says I should try to understand her better,
yet she puts in no effort to try to understand me better; perhaps she
should go on a "listening course".

Besides, when would I go on a "communication course"? I presume they
don't run at 2 in the morning, which is the time -- after we had
finished arguing -- that I had finished tidying up all her mess. I'm
going to assume that a similar amount of rubbish will be there for me to
sort out when I get home this evening.

Speaking of understanding, I actually have a pretty good one of her:
She's fundamentally a good person, but has "daddy issues". He wasn't
there for her during her childhood and, when he was, just did everything
for her: So she acts like a princess. She derides her mum for being
crazy, but she herself is not so far removed. She'll work hard -- almost
to a fault -- on anything that she's interested in or gives value to,
but otherwise is quite lazy. She's uncompromising and expects others
(i.e., me) to follow, rather than having opinions of our own. "Princess"
is actually an almost perfect description; both the good and the bad
parts.

Anyway, yet another evening ruined.
