Thank God for the crappy XXX. Both the XXX and XXX lines, which run
through XXX, were down for maintenance over the weekend. This meant that
we couldn't get to any XXX events, until I offered to give XXX a lift to
both Saturday and Sunday. I don't usually go on Saturdays any more and,
as you'll remember, I was forced into going on Sunday; this meant I got
out of it and did so by doing a good deed.

While I didn't do much on Saturday, because she didn't end up playing
much, I had enough time on Sunday to go to the cinema. I'd been wanting
to see XXX for ages and, since XXX was uninterested to the point that I
felt it would pass me by without getting to see it -- like many a movie
in the past -- I took the initiative. I'm really glad I did; it was such
a good movie and she never needs to know about it.

Not only did the movie cheer me up, it made me feel defiant. I don't
have much manoeuvring room on a day-to-day basis, but when I'm free, I
can do what I want and it makes me feel like a real person again. This
will be my new strategy, I think, to regain my self-esteem after so many
years of erosion. (Another example is me booking my haematology
appointment, back in XXX, without her knowing and, thus, without her
being able to hinder me. Don't get me wrong, I don't particularly like
keeping these things secret or lying about them, but it's the only
option I have.)

Anyway, of course, she's still annoyed about the whole XXX and XXX
situation. She's losing the plot, a little, I fear; I think she must be
stressed with work. The issue now is that XXX, our good and mutual
friend, is collateral damage. XXX seems to be of the opinion that grown
adults take sides over such matters and is very black-and-white, as
usual, about alliances. I actually find it quite childish, but don't say
as much; she's clearly distressed and I try as much as I can -- when
she's not shouting or accusing me -- to help her and to calm down. She
needs to help herself to move on, rather than dwelling upon what's
already happened, in my opinion. I've not had much impact in changing
her thoughts, but since other friends have said the same thing, she's
coming around.

Of course, I was pressurised again to talk to XXX, on her behalf. I
wasn't able to speak freely and had to say what she wanted. It's
pathetic and I wouldn't blame XXX in the slightest for distancing
himself from us. This is the third time in two months that I've been
pressurised to say/do things that I wasn't comfortable with:

1. XXX, regarding his voting choices;
2. Blocking XXX and XXX;
3. Now XXX.

I'm going to delete my Facebook account so it can no longer be coerced.
Another act of defiance.
