On Thursday evening, I picked up XXX from the station and we went out
again for dinner. She was clearly agitated and it wasn't long before she
started whinging -- yet again -- about XXX. Apparently his latest
infraction is to side with XXX, or at least that's how XXX interprets
it. I personally don't care. I don't believe XXX or XXX are so pathetic;
they're just friends. We were all just friends, not so long ago. Of
course, if you invoke the ire of XXX, then you're screwed...as I well
know!

Anyway, I heard her out during dinner, during which she was incredibly
impatient with me (e.g., when the waiter came, she snapped at me to make
my order, etc.) She went on-and-on and, while I listened, I ultimately
had to fake agreement. I cannot counter her argument with reason, it
seems. It's a shame, because it means I have to speak against what I
believe, but it's either that, or stand up for reason and expect her
full wrath to rain down on me. I can do without that.

Incidentally, below is the message I was going to secretly send to XXX
on Monday, after I was forced to write to him on XXX's behalf:

> I just wanted to apologise for the message I sent yesterday. I wasn’t
> able to speak freely. I’m sorry you — as I — are caught in the middle
> of this nonsense. If I disappear from Facebook, it’s either because
> I’ve been told to block you, or I’ve chosen to delete my account, to
> curtail my coercion. Either way, it’s been a pleasure knowing you and
> your family. I hope we meet again.

I didn't in the end. I really wanted to on Sunday night and thought I
should sleep on it. I did and, on Monday, I still thought it was a good
idea, but thought that maybe I should ask other's opinion. I didn't in
the end and I came to the conclusion that XXX is above this and so am I.
I also don't want to leave evidence with a third party -- not that I
don't trust XXX -- that could ultimately bite me.

Today, I actually unblocked everyone I'd been told to block. I also
deleted Facebook and Twitter from my phone; the apps, I still have my
accounts. During which, I noticed that XXX had deactivated her Facebook
account altogether. I personally find it very strange how black and
white she is with people and how she cannot cope when her opinions are
challenged.

After we returned from dinner, I think we were going to play something,
but she went to the bathroom for a few hours. Before this, she was again
impatient because I wanted to brush my teeth and use the bathroom before
she occupied it. Whatever. When she eventually emerged, making the whole
flat stink, she said that she was no longer up for XXX -- it was pretty
late -- and instead just wanted to watch XXX. Fine. Again, she was
impatient, trying to force me to stay awake -- and had the nerve to
suggest she ought to be congratulated on coming out of the bathroom so
early; I mean, midnight is better that 2:30am, but I can't imagine what
she was doing in there for two or three hours -- which I achieved and
then we watched the first half. Apparently it's fine for her to be too
tired to watch, but not me.

Yesterday (Saturday), she wanted to go to some other XXX thing in XXX.
For some reason, she thought this would be an easy trip. The traffic was
terrible (obviously) and when we eventually got there, she suggested
that rather than return home, it would be better for me to just stay and
play with them. I didn't really want to do that and I resisted. This
didn't go down very well and, ultimately, I was forced to play with
them; plus got screamed at while walking down XXX high street. I was
very angry and upset for the rest of the day, but hid it from her. She
crossed a line (again), made me the bad guy and claimed, again, that
this is what I have to do in exchange for her joining for Christmas.
We've already discussed at length her "joining" and how ridiculously
unfair it is. Fuck her.

After games, we went shopping and then to XXX for XXX food, again. I'm
getting a bit sick of XXX food. I mentioned that the place was expensive
-- which it is -- and I didn't want very much, because I wasn't very
hungry. Amazingly, she didn't go completely crazy at me because I
mentioned how much it would be. However, she again got impatient and
said that I should make the XXX dish she likes on Tuesday. I refused,
because it takes forever and is very difficult to make and clean up
(especially in a small kitchen that she'll probably have left dirty).
The impatience continued as I suggested alternatives, all of which --
unsurprisingly -- were vetoed. Eventually she agreed to XXX, which I
haven't made for over a year because it stinks so much and is a lot of
work. She'll have to put up with the smell.

---

**EDIT** I completely forgot the massive argument the XXX had with her
mum on Saturday morning, which probably set her up for the subsequent
belligerence. Apparently her mum mentioned XXX and that upset her.  I
just remember having a shower and just hearing screaming, etc. coming
from the living room... Sigh.
