Per normal expectations, I started making lunch for us today at around
12:30; having first had a shower. That is, my lunch hour consists of me
taking a shower -- because I'm not permitted to get up earlier -- and
making lunch, usually at her request.

Anyway, while I was making lunch, I was told that I needed to cancel
some XXX orders. So the number was rung and the phone put next to me, on
hold, while I cooked. They picked up eventually and I had to deal with
it, while I cooked. During this time, XXX claimed to be working.

I successfully did two things at once, but XXX took an exception to the
way I answered the platitude, "Why are you cancelling?" She wanted me to
be very specific and I said that they couldn't care less. She
interrupted me first, so I tried to say what I wanted again. Then she
got angry because I interrupted her. By the way, I was still cooking at
this point. She then took over the phone call -- which wasn't a problem
-- and described to XXX the exact nature of why we were cancelling.  As
I suspected, they couldn't have cared less.

I experimented with the salmon we got to make it less salty. I
succeeded, but I made it too bland. XXX complained and refused to eat
any more. I said I would try to compromise -- by soaking the salmon for
less time -- but she wouldn't go for it. Her solution: She'll eat the
salmon and I'll have...whatever's around (which is nothing, because she
doesn't allow us to go out shopping and we have to rely on mercurial
deliveries.)

Yesterday and this morning -- in fact, maybe since Sunday -- XXX's been
nice. It's amazing how thin this veneer is and how trivial something
needs to be to break through it and destroy things all over. Fuck her.
