I'm going to talk mostly about myself in this entry. There are only a
few of things to mention regarding the usual subject:

1. We finally got the chocolate that mum and dad sent on Thursday. It
   was only addressed to me, so XXX took that as an instant sign that
   she is dead to my mum and dad. I don't know why she jumps to such
   extreme conclusions. Upon unpacking, she found that it was half-eaten
   (rather than a gift); apparently that means it's unsalvageable,
   regardless of any quarantine, and it went into the bin. The same fate
   as the cake.  I didn't expect anything less, but I'm not happy. I
   didn't cause a fuss because I don't have the time or energy to get
   into an unresolvable argument.

2. For the past couple of weeks -- since the last argument -- I've been
   "cutesy" with XXX. This has worked (even in the above case) to avoid
   any kind of disagreement or fight. It means however that I can only
   talk superficially and, to be honest, it's rather tiresome. It makes
   me feel more alone, because my thoughts are trapped in my head. Hence
   me writing them here today. (I'm glad I have XXX and XXX to talk to,
   albeit occasionally.)

3. Recently, XXX has done nice things for me completely spontaneously.
   We played a XXX with XXX and XXX and I did OK; she complemented me on
   my strategy and told me that I was very clever. I didn't really know
   what to say: I was somewhat flattered, to be honest. Then, just this
   weekend, she put my new office chair together a day before it came
   out of quarantine. I don't really understand why she went to the
   trouble, with just one day (out of 11) to go, but I obviously
   appreciate it. I'm grateful, but I don't fully understand the change
   in attitude. It's quite out of character.

Now, on to how I've been feeling for the past few weeks...

Before this "episode", for about a week, I was energetic and in high
spirits. I woke up fresh and got to work. I don't know why and,
moreover, I don't know why it ended. I don't remember anything in
particular that reverted me back to my usual self.

As you know, I've been mulling over the idea of doing a XXX. This is
exciting for me, but the perennial lack of time is making it difficult.
I'm trying to teach myself the fundamentals and, while I'm succeeding,
I'm making very little progress.

Moreover, recently we've been watching "Normal People" and, yesterday,
watched the online XXX event. These things make me feel down. They
remind me what university should have been like and could have been like
for me. While I got a taste for that, later, with my masters, it was
only for a year and I still feel like I've wasted my 20s and -- now --
my 30s as well. I'm never getting my youth back and my life has been in
stasis for 10-15 years :(

I tried to get to the bottom of what motivates me -- because I worry
that the lack of self motivation would hinder any XXX attempts -- and I
came to the conclusion that I just want to be noticed or to matter.
That's why I'm so keen on helping people, at work, and why I'm attracted
to "showy" things (I really want to go to XXX, my stand-up comedy idea,
cycling, etc.) Why do I seek attention so?

Paradoxically, my strength, I think, is being secretive and hidden. The
very opposite of what I'm seeking. I wondered what would fit best to
capitalise on that, but nothing came to mind. (Perhaps that's why I'm
interested in XXX.)

So not only do I want my youth back -- never going to happen -- I also
want to do something (or as many things as possible; preferably
perfectly, so there are no vulnerabilities) with a "wow factor", despite
being insular. This is hard to achieve as I'd be fighting myself. I
think, though, the reason is because I recognise that people are
"impressed" by what others say, even when not backed up with evidence.
It's cynical of me to label "people" as being so superficial, but as
someone who struggles with face-to-face communication, that seems
obvious to me: I put people off, even if I can prove myself through
action. So far, I haven't succeeded in gaining any accomplishment that
satisfies where I want to be... I wonder if I'll always be chasing that
rainbow.

Is it foolish to want to matter? I mean, I matter to some people, that's
clear. Why do I seek some form of niche celebrity status? It must be the
same sort of external validation that actors and comics and other
artists seek, but why? Perhaps they don't seek that; perhaps they love
their medium so much, they just want to express it. I dunno. That seems
far fetched to me...but I am pretty jaded!
