It's mum and dad's 40th wedding anniversary on Sunday. They were
supposed to be going on a holiday to XXX, but obviously the virus
situation has messed that up, as well as any chance of me seeing them in
person to celebrate. Nonetheless, I got them a present and it arrived at
theirs today. Mum called to thank me, but it was while I was making
lunch and calling XXX to arrange yet another cancellation, so I had to
call her back.

I did so and had a good chat with mum and dad :)

Immediately afterwards, while I was working and XXX had decided to
noisily rearrange her XXX, she shouted from the other room, "What's
wrong?" "Nothing." I replied, as nothing was wrong. She couldn't hear me
and this pointless back-and-forth went on until I decided to cut it
short and just put my work down (again) to talk to her.

She didn't believe me that nothing was wrong. I just said mum and dad
had called to chat -- which was true -- but she said, "What are you
hiding from me?" What the actual fuck? She wanted to know exactly what
we talked about. I told her about the present, not that it's any of her
business, and that seemed to shut her up.

Methinks the lady doth protest too much.

---

**EDIT** 2020-05-11

We've just come out of a long weekend, which I've come to dread because
of the boredom and risk of conflict. It went OK, but largely because we
kept to ourselves. I've also decided to halve my antidepressant dose:
not on medical advise, but because I am now down to about a five week
supply. Given how awkward XXX made it to get these the first time, a 10
week supply sounds less hassle. I hope that'll be enough to take the
edge off...

XXX did whine a bit about how I opened the bathroom door, because she
believes all surfaces are basically contaminated. Then there was the
fracas with the concierge because they -- quite reasonably -- wouldn't
deliver her parcels direct to our door. Ultimately we got them
ourselves, as the concierge isn't her personal servant; despite her
usual quarantine measures, she was quick to open these.

I spent all of Friday cleaning the bathroom and the flat. I did a really
good job and it was a bit annoying to see it messy again within a day.
On Saturday I was forced to play a XXX with friends, because she needed
a fourth player. I didn't complain -- despite the massive rush for me to
fit in all the chores between this -- and it was good to spend time with
our friends. Interestingly, when I messed up one of our friend's
strategies (somewhat unintentionally, to be fair), she took it in
completely good humour. If I had done the same to XXX -- which I was
careful to avoid -- she wouldn't have let me forget about it. Is it
because all she cares about it winning, rather than having fun?

On Sunday, I cleaned the microwave. XXX tried to do this, to her credit,
but somehow thought that microwaving some soapy water would be enough to
scrub the crap off the inside. I don't know if she genuinely thought
this would be enough. Either way, something occurred to me: Dad asked me
whether I think she appreciates me and what I do, when we talked about
it a couple of months ago. I avoided answering directly, but if I think
about it, I'm not sure. Why would she make a mess of the bathroom so
quickly, for example? She hasn't even noticed that I fixed the light. It
doesn't really add up and it's confusing.

What's more confusing is that, today, she spontaneously cleared space
for the shopping that will arrive later. I'm very grateful, don't get me
wrong, but this is quite out of character. Like I say, I appreciate it,
but I've got to be careful to not fall into the trap of assuming this
attitude will last. (Not that I'll assume otherwise; I'll just be
neutral and see what happens.)
