On Monday evening, she was still going on about the fallout regarding
XXX and XXX. Not wanting for this to kick off, I just agreed. I have a
different opinion, in part, but I'm not privy to the facts -- neither is
she -- and the last thing I want to do is fire up another argument by
appearing to not take her side.

She told some of our mutual friends about what had happened. I'm not
sure what exactly she told them; I don't know how much I am implicated
in this, for example. I don't know what she hopes to achieve by this,
but whatever. She also admitted that the massive argument we had about
this on New Year's night wasn't my fault at all -- something I tried to
defend for several hours -- but while she condescended to that, she
offered no apology.

Anyway, what strikes me about the specifics of her argument is that it's
almost a perfect parallel to our relationship and she doesn't see it at
all. (Either that, or she knows full well and is trying to provoke me. I
don't have any evidence for that, but if not, it shows the depth of her
narcissism):

* She refers to XXX as XXX's "squire", in the sense that he just follows
  orders. I don't know how true that is -- I have no evidence to judge,
  not that judgement is warranted -- but I am almost like her slave at
  this point. When she asked the rhetorical question of whether I am
  like her squire, I found it very difficult to keep a straight face!

* She feels bullied by XXX and what she perceives to be her
  self-centredness. Again, if that's the case, then fair enough -- far
  be it from me to say how she should feel -- but I almost constantly
  feel attacked and bullied by XXX. I feel like I can't do anything
  without her approval. I'm scared of her reactions and try very hard to
  avoid inciting any.

* She feels as though her mental heath has suffered because of this
  episode. Again, fair enough; but does she seriously not see how much
  my mental health has suffered under her cosh? She feels low in the
  aftermath, much like the prospect of which is making me hesitant to do
  anything about my personal situation with her.

* She feels used and taken for granted. Welcome to my world.

My problem is that I'm too forgiving. All this shit has happened and it
makes me very angry and upset, especially at the time, even though I may
not say as much in person. However, give it a few hours or days and it
will have passed, in my mind. The resentment increases, but day-to-day
things are fine, which is exacerbated further by, say, a boring/bad day
at work. Because I'm restricted from relationships with "normal people",
it's hard for me to maintain that there's such a stark difference.

What else has happened? The other day we played a XXX which I won. She
didn't fight about it, but she got pretty grumpy and distant. Repeating,
several times, that I was "milking it" -- even a day later -- when I did
no such thing. On a somewhat related note, I suggested that I no longer
wanted to attend the XXX days on Sundays; she was shocked. She basically
wouldn't allow it: if I stop going to Sunday, as well as Saturday, then
she's never going to celebrate Christmas with me again. I don't see how
that's fair. I didn't argue because, hopefully, I won't be in a position
to celebrate another Christmas with her. That said, I still try: It's
our anniversary today -- nine years -- I gave her a card with a silly
cartoon I'd drawn for her; I think she forgot.
