Nothing in particular has triggered the writing of this entry, beyond
the quantity of recorded notes I've taken over the past couple of
weeks...

If it wasn't already clear enough, it's become abundantly so that XXX is
disrespectful of my time. I'm complicit, in some sense, of spending
three hours commuting a day: the situation was somewhat forced upon me,
but I'm arguably capable of changing this. Again, one could argue that I
could stand up to her when I'm forced to do the chores she's left or go
to yet another XXX event. However, I know the repercussions of this, as
does she. She will become defensive and irate -- potentially flaring
into aggressive -- and I just can't deal with that. I won't fight back
because I don't believe in conflict, nor do I feel enough self-esteem to
challenge. Through boredom and tiredness, my mind is not sharp or quick
witted and so I cannot compete with her arguments; I know fundamentally
that it's not right, but I cannot express that.

To give examples: She regularly over-boils things on the cooker. The
washing up she leaves is already bad enough, but the mess that this
creates take a lot of effort to clean up, which I always end up doing.
When I challenged her on this recently, she said that I should reinforce
her good behaviour (i.e., that she soaked the pan, like I asked) rather
than complaining. I found it really difficult not to be sarcastic:
soaking the pan is a 10 second job that makes my cleaning job a tiny bit
easier. Why is her time more valuable than mine, such that she can't
clean it up properly in the first place? Then there's this new
expectation of me calling her during my lunchbreak -- during which, she
basically just mocks me and we don't talk about anything -- further
reducing any personal time I have. She has the luxury of working from
home and offsetting her hours; I don't. I have nothing.

I cannot say if she's taking advantage of this. I don't think so. I
don't think she's being actively malign. I think she's blind to it,
because that's what she's used to (and thus expects) from her
relationship with her parents. But I'm not her parents. This situation
got out of hand a long time ago and I cannot undo it. Increasingly so,
now, it's like when she was doing her XXX: I feel like I'm just her
servant. The hopeful defiance I spoke of a few weeks ago has completely
vanished, for lack of opportunity.

Since her XXX thing finished, at work, a lot of her stress -- which is
usually squarely aimed at me -- has diminished, but she's noticeably
still irritable, impatient and short-tempered. I think she has an
extremely low tolerance for stress; the things she's been going
on-and-on about recently, regarding her work, are quite trivial and
everyday, in my opinion. Don't get me wrong, if it affects her then I
sympathise, but it shouldn't be taken out on me. Also, her standards
oughtn't be projected on me: she often says I "dodged a bullet" by not
doing a XXX. Maybe. Maybe not. I realise she probably thinks she's being
supportive by saying such things, but it again re-emphasises this
difference. I appreciate it, but I don't need protecting. I may get
stressed, but -- if that's really what she's worried about -- I'm not
going to take it out on her.

Related to her work, she currently has an opportunity to get promoted.
I've been very supportive of this, obviously. However, I can't help but
note the obvious dichotomy between her current enthusiasm and excitement
for such things -- which is reasonable -- and her continued narrative
that she neither needs nor wants to work and is only doing so because
I've "forced her to" -- which is completely unreasonable. I hope she
does get her promotion; I think she deserves it. I doubt she will ever
stop blaming me, if ever things get hard for her.

This may be completely coincidental, but over the weekend I had an awful
headache for all of Saturday. I couldn't get rid of it. (To the point
that I was getting worried that I'd taken too much ibuprofen.) This was
a day when I was forced to go XXX. On Sunday, it was still there in the
morning, but diminished by the time XXX left to go gaming alone. I
wanted that afternoon to do my own thing, but I ended up doing all the
chores again, leaving me very little time to myself, but that's not my
point.  When I joined XXX, to play XXX (that I didn't really want to),
my headache returned. It's returned a few times over the week. Am I now
in the realms of physical symptoms? I'll keep an eye on this.

The only other thing worth mentioning is her response to the coronavirus
outbreak in XXX. She's clearly upset about it -- and understandably so
-- particularly since it's occurred during XXX and it's spoiled a lot of
people's enjoyment. I'm sure she's worried for her parents and family,
too. This is not about that. This is about her entertainment of
conspiracy theories. She apparently wouldn't be surprised if this turned
out to be a US/western plot. She realises there's no evidence for it,
but she feels it likely. She's welcome to believe what she wants, but I
find this unsettling: extraordinary claims require extraordinary
evidence and she must have a very low opinion of the west to believe
such things are even possible.

Anyway, the final point I want to make is to reiterate that I'm too
forgiving and am quick to forget her myriad of neuroses. This makes
things pleasant, for a while. However, it usually doesn't take long
before everything's reset and we start all over. (Yesterday, for
example, we were quite cuddly and chummy, laughing together and being
silly; then, in the middle of the night, she was some reason very short
tempered with me and made demands of what I do to make dinner today. I
don't know where this attitude came from, but, well, here I am writing
this.)
