I'm just offloading my notes before I forget the circumstances behind
them...

As I've written about before, I'm on this odd roller-coaster which is
mostly flat and uninteresting -- to the point where the activation
energy to do something far outweighs its return, plus my natural
inclination to be forgiving -- but is then punctuated by extremes. These
episodes obviously remind me that all is not well and, unless I do
something about it, it'll never change. The thing is, I'm not sure I
trust myself to ever do something about it.

Anyway, the coronavirus rages on and, with it, XXX's increasing
paranoia.  I am no longer allowed to eat things with my hands (such as
sandwiches and pizza); at least not in her presence. She's convinced
that contamination lurks around every corner and the spectre of a
grizzly death is upon us. More worryingly, she now actually believes her
own conspiracy theory about it being an American plot to destabilise the
XXX economy. She thinks there are too many coincidences. I've learnt to
just respond with platitudes now, otherwise she'll get riled up over
nothing. It amazes me that she considers herself a scientist.

In the meantime, I have been to the hospital for my regular XXX check
up.  XXX has no knowledge of this. (Indeed, if she knew I went to a
hospital in the middle of an epidemic, no matter how many thousands of
miles away it might be, she would literally lose her shit!) I'll be
going back there again in just over a week for a XXX biopsy -- the
procedure she effectively blocked me from having in the summer -- again,
in secret.

I've noticed that there's been a psychological consequence, in me, in my
acts of defiance. It could be guilt -- in the sense I'm effectively
being dishonest, which is not something I like -- or it could be
resentment. That is, I should never be in this position in the first
place. This change in my mood has been noticed by XXX, although she
can't establish why. (She actually jumped to conclusions and begged the
question to the effect of me having a hard time at work -- again making
the case for me to change -- when that's not true at all.) So now I have
to be careful of any revealing attitude I may show; ironically becoming
even more robot-like in the process.

What else has happened? I was told to unblock the sink, despite it being
caused by her hair. I was going to do this anyway, but the order didn't
sit well with me; much like all the other demands I get from her. She
continues to not listen to what I say, clearly responding with token
noises. You could argue that I'm doing the same: It's true that I'm
responding with token noises, but I am still listening. I'm aware of her
"struggles", but I'm wary about responding or challenging them because
it'll almost certainly not be taken in the spirit it was given; that is,
love. I want to support her, whenever I can. Sometimes she needs to take
a step back and appreciate the harder lessons.

I don't know why I persist, though. Her blocking my access to healthcare
is not love. Her censoring my views and imposing on my relationships is
not love. Her monopolising of my time and the subsequent denial of the
things I enjoy -- over the things she likes -- is not love.

Take XXX as an example of the latter. She might argue -- and I've been
drawn into this, in the past -- that it's something we do together to
help ourselves and to form friendships. While it does have that benefit,
it's become clear that it's more for her enjoyment, rather that ours.
She's readily admitted that I'm clearly not a fan and it's taken a lot
of struggle for her to acquiesce into giving me some time back.  During
which, I find myself doing the chores she's left me, because I've so
little time otherwise and she'll never do it.

Even that isn't appreciated. She might offer the occasional (albeit
somewhat fished for) thank you, but if I do anything wrong -- in her
opinion -- I'm in for a world of hurt. Take the laundry for example:
Because it's been so cold recently, the laundry hasn't been drying
quickly. As such, I've had to scale back the regularity. Because XXX
goes through things that really don't need washing daily -- such as
towels and trousers -- she's left without. I cannot help the weather. If
anything, it's her own fault for being so prissy. Either way, I don't
deserve to be shouted at at 4am for, effectively, not being able to
control the weather.

On a positive note, I have taken up a new hobby: birding. Ever since
being at mum and dad's for Christmas and starkly noticing the dawn
chorus, in the absence of such in XXX, I've taken a keen awareness in
birdsong and its stress relieving qualities. Birding seems the next
logical step. I have virtually no time to do this, but a quick 10-15
minute walk around the countryside at work is enough to be rewarding.
