Yesterday we went out on our usual weekly excursion. I took the motorway
because, as we had compromised several weeks earlier, XXX is fine if I
take the motorway there and come back the suburban way. Accept, of
course, she changed the goal posts and the motorway was no longer
allowed. Apparently, it reminds her of XXX.

That's her standard "ultimate excuse" that she feels she can use to get
away with practically anything. That and, "I forced her to get a job".
To be honest, I cannot believe how full of shit she is. It boggles my
mind.

Anyway, our walk descended into her just yelling and bitching at me. In
the car and to begin with, I engaged, which made matters worse. After a
while I just choose to ignore her crap. Of course, she was like it for
remainder of the day -- and today, I feel -- so that's fun. She insisted
on us putting together her stupid A/C in the evening: that was a pain in
the arse and it was a struggle to get her to help. It was clearly a two
person job.

Whatever. I'm done with her fucking bullshit.

I had a thought over night -- after she woke me up and couldn't sleep
for the umpteenth time -- I wanted to be a XXX and she told me I
couldn't be because it wouldn't support her lifestyle. This has pissed
me off for the last 10 years. If she wants a particular lifestyle, then
she can accomplish that herself. She's constantly saying how more
wealthy she is than I am, after all, and that she doesn't have to work.
In the meantime, she's argued that it was a good thing I didn't become a
XXX -- that she was right -- because coronavirus would have probably put
me out of business. Sure. Does that not imply though that everyone in
the "catering" industry made a bad choice? Does that therefore also not
imply that restaurants, coffee shops, bars, etc.  are, to her,
nonsensical? Yet these things -- XXX included -- exist.  Not only that,
many of them are successful. Not only that, but she takes pleasure in
patronising such establishments.

Like I say... FULL. OF. SHIT.

---

I was going to send this response to XXX, in our conversation:

> I think I can most objectively describe my relationship as capricious.
> To the point that I had to take anxiety medication. (For stupid
> reasons, I no longer take this...I probably should.) I've discovered a
> way to take the edge off -- by setting the conversational level to
> that of a 12-year-old and "just agreeing" -- but you can imagine how
> tiresome and superficial that is. I don't think this will ever change.
> She may be a narcissistic snowflake with an anger management problem,
> but I'm a coward. For all my talk of disruption, it's just the bluster
> and rebellion of youth, with none of the compromise nor commitment of
> age.
>
> Anyway, let's talk about something else. It's not that I don't want to
> share -- and it's good to know someone knows the tip of the iceberg --
> but I imagine it's tedious and certainly self-indulgent...

I can't bring myself to. I don't know why... I'm on my own :(
