Jesus Christ! I don't know what her problem is, any more. I can't take
her constant shit. If it's to do with her period, then as I've said
before, why is it that it affects her so acutely? On quarter of the
adult population aren't insufferable at any one time. Society would
completely collapse.

On Friday, she wanted to have her fish as a snack. She wants this to
help her lose weight. Personally, I think the most effective way of
losing weight would be to stop snacking altogether, rather than having
something "less unhealthy". (Also, it should be noted that, despite
having her fish, she still ended up having crisps and chocolate. Maybe
she should learn some self-control first.) Anyway, I didn't have a
problem with her having what she wanted, although I wasn't very keen on
being put in a position of having to clean up after her. However, for
reasons that I don't understand, she went crazy: aggressively banging on
the bin to shut it, because I said she put things in there incorrectly.
It was weird. Also, incredibly hypocritical. If I did that, she would
give me a really hard time. Apparently she's allowed to have a violent
tantrum, directed at me, and not expect any consequences.

Saturday, as far as I remember, went off without incident. However, then
again on Sunday morning, she had another massive go at me for no good
reason. Apparently me playing her XXX with her was not enough, because I
suggested we play something small and light -- because, quite frankly,
playing XXX is a fucking bore -- and, overnight, she decided that this
was unsatisfying and thus my fault. Guess who else's life is fucking
unsatisfying you selfish bitch!? I didn't bite, but that annoyed me.
Then we played with XXX (which I was apparently more keen on than
playing with her...d'ya think? Maybe if she weren't such a crazy person
she wouldn't have this problem.) Towards the end, she was clearly bored
and just played with her phone. Fuck off.

Then there's also the smoke-alarm: It apparently needs maintenance,
which is fine, but that breaks her social distancing/insane quarantine
requirements, so I had to e-mail the people to say it was only possible
if they obeyed her stupid constraints. Later in the day, after playing
with XXX, I complained about a sore throat. Now she thinks I have
coronavirus, because she is a fucking lunatic. It hasn't happened yet,
but I would not be surprised if she forced me to sleep in the living
room.

I'm sick of her fucking bullshit. She can fuck off.
