Over the past two weeks, I have fallen into a depression. I'm not
sleeping well and I'm generally low about most things. I'm eating too
many snacks and gaining weight. I have made little effort to keep up
with learning new things.

I think it was triggered by me actively investigating XXX positions. I
just arrived at the conclusion that they wouldn't want the likes of me.
I don't know why I came to that conclusion. It's been exacerbated by my
thoughts of promotion: I feel its justified, but I fear nothing will
come of it and I don't think I can stomach the rejection.

As well as that, there have been the usual throes of our relationship.
Soon after the motorway incident, XXX started acting very needy.
Complaining that I wasn't paying her enough attention or not being
involved. I quickly showed otherwise -- there were plenty of things she
hadn't acknowledged because, actually, she's the one who's distant.

Then came the argument predicated on a misunderstanding. In the middle
of the night, she reminded me that I should give her information on what
I'd like for my birthday. I said that I had forgot to look into it and
that she should remind me when it's more appropriate (rather than in the
middle of the night, or when I'm working). She took this to mean a
command -- that reminding me is her responsibility -- and thus started
the shit storm. I don't recall the ins-and-outs, I'm quite sure they
were all pointless, but we were arguing until the sun came up. Fuck all
of this.

Now I'm anxious about getting a blood test. I can't get a blood test;
XXX will not allow that. However, the hospital won't delay or reschedule
them indefinitely. The same anxiety exists about returning to work: XXX
won't allow it unless there's a vaccine. I think we'll be expected to
return before that, so what am I going to do? Quit? Get fired? Endure
endless bullshit from her?

I only ever wanted to do a XXX for the kudos. That's not a good reason.
I'd rather live on my own in the countryside and reforest the area. That
sounds peaceful. Away from everyone.
