Yesterday I was just depressed, so my update was written from that
perspective. Today I have been working from home and, while that's been
generally fine, I need to get the last couple of weeks off my chest.

Obviously I've been quite anxious about my biopsy. It turned out to be
almost disappointingly uneventful, but in the run up, I was quite
nervous. This was compounded by having to do this all in secret, so I
had to make sure I didn't leak information and get to the hospital on
time without being noticed, etc. In the two days since, I've been hiding
the wound and trying not to grimace whenever I sit down. Fortunately,
that's getting easier, so I think I got away with it. That said, it's
not a position I should fine myself in the first place. I'm still
anxious about the result.

XXX has now gone into house purchasing mode. This also makes me anxious
because I know that my lies will have to come out sooner and sooner. The
fallout is going to be terrible. However, to be perfectly honest, I
think she deserves it. As I said, XXX has cancer. I learnt this from mum
and, when I told XXX about it, all she could ask is whether I asked her
about the deposit. Are you fucking kidding me? This is just like
grandma, all over again. I made up some more bullshit for her, after I
actually talked to mum and dad about my biopsy. She has yet to offer any
support.

What else has happened? We had a flat inspection the other day. The
weekend previous, I spend almost all of Saturday and a bit of Sunday
cleaning up the place. I did a really good job, while XXX just sat
around doing nothing. In the week between, she did nothing to help keep
the place clean. I don't get her hypocrisy: she's become paranoid about
coronavirus and washing hands -- sanitising wooden XXX pieces after I've
touched them after playing with my phone -- but leaving rubbish all over
the floor and washing up festering for days is apparently not a problem.

Then there's the constant neediness. I have to proof read this, or drive
her there, or do any other myriad things directly for her. She'll make
up some excuse or justification and, because I don't want to get into a
fight, I'll just back off and build up resentment. I don't understand.
We moved to XXX -- this shit hole -- to allow her to do what she wanted
more easily, without being dependent on me. Can she not entertain
herself in a city of 9 million people?

---
*EDIT* On the way home from picking XXX up from XXX, she asked me what
I'd been doing all evening. Amongst other things, I replied that I had
been calculating the food bill split, as she'd asked for it earlier that
day. She responded with what I though was acknowledgement. Later on,
during the walk from the station back home -- maybe 10-15 minutes later
-- she asked me, "Did you calculate the food bill, yet?"

This might seem innocent enough; people forget things or aren't fully
engaged with small-talk, even if they initiate it. However, this happens
a lot with XXX. She's definitely not the forgetful type, she might have
other things on her mind -- but nothing, as far as I know, that would
explain this -- so I can only conclude that she just doesn't listen to
what I say.
