This was going to be a simple list of edits to my previous entry. Sweet
summer child! Let me first get those out of the way, before I document
one of XXX's biggest meltdowns in recorded history...

As I wrote yesterday, XXX seemed quite agreeable although, I felt, it
was only a matter of time before something didn't go her way. This,
unsurprisingly, took the form of the XXX's delivery. They got lost,
which started her annoyance -- although they weren't late, by any means
-- and when they showed up, they left our shopping outside our door in
crates, for me to bring inside. The delivery man walked to the other end
of the hall, to keep distance; he was a good 10m away. After I brought
in the bags, XXX shut the door because I had seemingly left it open. I
had left it open, because I wasn't finished: Like any helpful person, I
felt it right to restack the crates for the delivery man. XXX took
massive objection to this. The delivery guy ultimately said he'd do it
-- which was nice of him -- but the damage had already been done.

Apparently, her having to shut the door meant that she would have to
wash her hands again, thus wasting hand wash. I didn't ask her to shut
the door, she did this on her own volition. She would never be helpful
to others, so I'm not surprised that she thought I was finished. Anyway,
this small amount of hand wash was the start of her annoyance.

Once we finished with the shopping, we continued playing the XXX she
wanted me to play. I had a drink first -- after washing my hands, after
finishing with the shopping -- and was told I need to wash my hands
again. After touching the glass containing my drink. My clean glass. Not
10 minutes beforehand she was giving me a hard time because she had to
waste hand wash, now she's pressurising me to waste hand wash. What a
fucking idiot.

Otherwise, recently, I've been reaching out to my old friends. This is
largely to enforce friendships and relieve the boredom. However, XXX
sees this as abnormal behaviour in me; which is true, in the sense that
I wouldn't usually do this that often (although it's not unheard of).
However, lockdown isn't exactly normal either and I don't see the
problem in talking to my friends. That's how it came across to me. She
gave me the impression -- through her interrogation about who and what I
had been talking about -- that she wasn't pleased with this behaviour. I
intend to continue.

Finally, before the meltdown, recently XXX has been accusing me of
having "smelly pee", such that she won't use the bathroom for several
minutes after I've used it and, per usual, give me a hard time about it
in the meantime. First she claimed I wasn't drinking enough -- which I
am -- and then claimed I was drinking too much. Apparently she's a
urologist now; add that to her CV along with self-proclaimed
epidemiologist, virologist and anything else she can think of, but has
absolutely no clue about. As for the smell, there is none -- no more
than usual, or her own -- so I can only assume she's trying to shame me.

OK, that's the edits. Now to the main event... XXX ultimately came out
of the bathroom at about 3am. I don't know why, but I was still awake.
I've not been sleeping well, lately. (I can't imagine why!) However, I
was dozing off. XXX roused me awake and, out of nowhere, told me not to
sit cross-legged on my bed and accused me of getting my feet too close
to her duvet.

There are several things to unpack here. Firstly, while I cannot refute
this with hard evidence, I do not believe I sat cross-legged on the bed:
my justification being that it's rather uncomfortable and makes handling
my laptop very difficult. She claims I've done it a few times recently.
Hearsay. Secondly, let's say for sake of argument I was sitting
cross-legged, then my feet -- which are clean, in socks and having been
in fucking open slippers all day -- would never be less than about
30-40cm away from her duvet. She also claimed I have double standards,
because I didn't like her feet near my laptop (they weren't "near", they
were deliberately resting against it, which she conveniently now
denies). That's hardly a double standard, not compared to her own.

Anyway, her accusations were quite loud and it was the middle of the
night. She wanted to demonstrate how close my feet were to her duvet,
but I told her that I wouldn't comply until she stopped shouting.
Eventually she just shut up -- it later turned out that she understood
my request completely literally, rather than meaning to temper her
volume; I've got to remember that she doesn't understand basic
instructions -- and when I turned around to look, she started shouting
again.

At this point, I'd had enough, and shouted back. That's when the insane
screaming started. She screamed and screamed at the top of her voice in
the middle of the night. The whole bloody building must have heard it. I
buried my head in my pillows until she stopped. It took a while, but
eventually she did.

Then about an hour of trying to reason -- always a fool's errand --
commenced, when I was calmly trying to establish where she drew the line
for her arbitrary foot problem. She couldn't tell me what was
acceptable, nor even did she seem to appreciate that's what I was
asking, and just reiterated over and over what wasn't acceptable.
Eventually I gave up.

I didn't sleep last night. Maybe in the morning for about 2-3hrs. The
night before I got maybe 3-4hrs sleep. She got up at 10am, did a bit of
preparatory work, then went to bed again until nearly 2pm. Our tax money
going to good use there. I was seething all night. I still am. I'm done
with her and her constant fucking bullshit. It's interesting how she's
weaponised my assertion against her a week-or-so ago against me: I tried
to stand up for myself, only vaguely succeeding, and now she's turning
it against me for her own ends.

This afternoon, as I'm writing this, she's acting like nothing happened
at all. I don't know if she's a psychopath or a crazy person. Either
way, I'm no longer going to tolerate this treatment and will leave at my
earliest opportunity.
