I don't have time to write these at work, any more. I have very little
personal time -- basically none -- but I've found the opportunity today;
the, so far, third time that I'm excused from playing XXX on a Saturday.
In a way, it's better that I'm writing now, as the fury of the holiday
period has subsided into something a bit more rational. However, I
suspect the raw emotion will be lost.

As per my previous entry, our trip to XXX wasn't great, in terms of
XXX's attitude towards me, to put it mildly. It would have been a good
holiday, if it weren't for that. Of course, this obviously spilled over
into the period after our holiday; namely, Christmas and New Year.

Christmas is my favourite time of year. I love it. I always loved it
and, when I was younger, people assumed it was for selfish reasons
(i.e., for the presents). I didn't resent this opinion, but it made me a
bit sad because that's not the reason why I love Christmas at all. It's
not the festivity or the decorations or the endless crappy songs, movies
and TV; even the food, although that's definitely a perk. The reason why
I always loved Christmas is because it was the time of year when our
whole family congregated, usually at grandma and grandpa's house. I
liked to spend time with my grandparents, my aunties and uncles, my
cousins and even pets. (Which was often doubled up because Barry would
visit us separately.) I'm sure, as a child, I was shielded from any
animosity amongst the adults -- I'm sure there was some -- all I
remember was it being a cosy time amongst the people whom I loved and
whom I felt loved by. Call me naive or sentimental or whatever, but
that's what Christmas means to me.

XXX hates Christmas. She hates that she's "forced" to visit my parents,
even though they look after us, feed us and give us (her included)
presents because, firstly, she doesn't like being stuck in the
countryside with nothing to do and, secondly, she doesn't feel as though
she belongs. If that's how she feels, then fair enough, but how does she
think I feel about being stuck in the city, where I don't belong? I'm
doing this for her -- not for us -- and she can't even give me a couple
of days? A couple of days when she's very much invited and accepted as
part of the family?

Anyway, backstory notwithstanding, let's get on to the tale of woe...

It started not long after we returned from XXX. On our way home, when we
came out of the XXX -- where the air is foul -- we breathed the city air
and said something to the effect of implying it was fresh. Fresher, yes.
However, I said something that suggested it wasn't all that fresh.  An
objective fact. XXX took this as a personal attack against living in the
city and thus began the argument about my "off hand comments". It's true
that I hate living in the city -- even though I'm not there most waking
hours -- but I wasn't trying to attack XXX at that point.  Moreover,
even if I were, why is my opinion not respected? I don't have a go at
her when she repeatedly lambastes the countryside. I'm more coy than
her, while she's explicit about her opinion, but the way in which its
delivered -- barring extremes -- doesn't twist its meaning.

I think she had said this before now, but shortly after this incident --
which she brought up again a few times, since -- she made it clear to me
how anxious she was about spending time at mum and dad's. I'm sorry she
feels anxious, but what does she want me to do? It's already vastly
unfair for me; I'm not willing to sacrifice more at this point. By
which, I had already been forced to clean the bathroom, do the hoovering
and make hotpot (something which I feel is way more work than its pay
off warrants). Now I'm forced to never express my dislike for the city.
What kind of person pressurises someone into silence?

Fortunately for me, XXX came to visit for the following weekend. I say
fortunately because it took the onus off me and, presumably, she would
"behave". Of course, it meant no "me time", while I cooked for the three
of us and then had to play seemingly endless XXX. Still, despite her not
snapping at me, she was often a bad loser: accusing me of sabotaging her
moves, when I did no such thing intentionally, while she did so against
me deliberately. Whatever. I felt like she was goading me into a fight
almost all weekend, but I didn't take the bait. The few times she lost
to me, she was like this, the rest of the time she was just arrogant.

As Christmas approached, she got increasingly worse. Then, the explosive
argument. I don't even remember what it was triggered by, but it
ultimately came down to me not understanding her, because she's an
immigrant/ethnic minority/woman/etc. and, as I said, the Christmas
arrangement. I think identity politics are the worst, but she uses this
argument a lot; probably because I cannot counter it without being
abstract. I cannot speak to her experience, but I see plenty of people
whom are not white, heterosexual, middle-class males, between 18 and 45,
which do a far better job of finding their niche than she does. I'm sure
they also had problems -- don't we all -- but they manage. What is it
about them that XXX can't also capitalise on? At this point, she's a XXX
working as a civil servant in an area she's interested in.  It's not
everything, sure, but it's a Hell of a lot more than most people have. I
would argue, including myself.

Anyway, the upshot of this argument was that I did end up having to
sacrifice more than I wanted, just to shut her up. Our visit to mum and
dad's was already short: arriving early-afternoon on Christmas day and
then leaving on Boxing Day morning. I was forced to cut it even more:
leaving after Christmas lunch. We would have spent twice as much time
driving as we would have been there. Fortunately, the next day -- which
I think was Christmas Eve -- she calmed down a bit and agreed to go that
evening, stay the night and leave on Christmas evening. With the caveat
that, next year, we do something completely different (e.g., go on
holiday).

It was good to be back at mum and dad's. I missed them. I missed waking
up to birdsong. There are no birds in the city, besides pigeons and the
fake hawk noises that are played to scare them away. After the previous
massive argument, when XXX was actually trying to be reconciliatory, she
suggested we tell each other what we appreciated about each other that
day. She was able to come up with a lot of things for me -- the things
that I had done for us, just that day -- whereas I struggled to think of
anything. A couple of days later, we did this again, with the same
result; I think I managed to thing of one thing. Not out of blindness,
but because that's literally it. Needless to say, we haven't done this
again, since.

Of course, that calm didn't last long. Barely a day, in fact. It must
have been the day after Boxing Day and she decided that I should look
into the best before dates on all our food, because she'd discovered
some things she had that had gone bad. I didn't really want to do that
-- it was my day off -- and so whinged about it. She thus got grumpy and
started doing it herself. Of course, because we hardly cook any more, a
lot of things had passed their date; even if they're still good for a
lot of time thereafter. Thus began the crazy shouting. I don't actually
remember what else happened -- I tend to block it out, these days -- but
the notes I wrote down are:

* She claiming that I should be grateful that she's not like other women
  she knows, who expect their husbands to buy them, e.g., XXX handbags,
  etc. I don't know what crowds she circles, but that's ridiculous. She
  does buy most of her own stuff, that's true; but it's also true that I
  buy her things out of kindness, too. It's exceptionally rare that she
  does the same for me.

* I think this was the day that she was angry that, because she was
  supposed to be working, these errands were costing her time. When I
  work from home, I barely get anything done because of what she expects
  me to do. Also, let's not forget that she didn't start work until 11am
  and spent at least 5 hours in the bathroom (that's no exaggeration; it
  was probably much longer than that, but that's what I had evidence
  for.)

* In spite of that, she accuses me of being impatient. She's just as bad
  and, if I was being impatient, that's because I was actually trying to
  be useful (e.g., building XXX furniture for her, going out to buy
  emergency sanitary towels for her, etc.)

* She had a massive go at me, while we were trying to clear up her
  boxes, which make our living room look like a shanty town, of putting
  her shipping airbags -- which she was saving -- temporarily on the
  floor, to give me space to work. Apparently the floor is made of toxic
  waste and them being on the floor meant they were no longer viable for
  her.

* I almost forgot this, but a day-or-so before Christmas we had dinner
  at XXX's. During which, we got into an argument about experimental
  protocol that was unnecessarily heated. In the end, it turned out that
  we had exactly the same opinion, but we just weren't understanding
  each other. I was upset with her because of all the things I've been
  talking about, hence more inclined to fight; this was also when, she
  claimed later, she was particularly anxious about Christmas, thus also
  short tempered. The specifics of the argument are not important and
  the underlying causes are spoken about at length in these journals.
  What I noted though was her arrogance. She said something along the
  lines of, "This is the sort of mistake that people who haven't done a
  XXX would make." She may be an expert in her field, but I'm not a
  moron and I understand the fundamentals of the scientific method;
  being that condescending is new for her, but I feel it is increasingly
  regular.

* I was trying to sell her XXX for her on eBay. I managed to find a
  buyer and was negotiating with them. Apparently I did it in a way she
  didn't approve of and therefore "botched it". It was actually going
  fine before she butted in. If she wants things done in a very specific
  way, then she should do it herself, rather than getting angry with me
  for not being able to read her mind.

Finally -- and this was the final nail in the coffin -- she forced me to
call mum and dad to ask them about how much they could contribute to any
future house buying we may do, off the back of the sale of grandma's
house. I was going to do this before Christmas, because I had promised I
would -- although who forces their spouse to make those kinds of
promises? -- but I wasn't afforded the time, because she expect me to
"talk" to her at lunchtimes. (I say "talk"; it's really just 30 minutes
of her calling me names and laughing at me.) I was then planning on
doing this when returning to work, because I prefer talking to mum and
dad without her over my shoulder. Apparently this wouldn't do. Not only
did she force me to call them, she literally stood over me while I had
the conversation, pressurising me to move it along to the information
she wanted. Ultimately, I lied to her about what they told me. They
implied that, while there may be a bit more, what they had contributed
already should be seen as their input. I agree with them; they've
already contributed more than enough, even if XXX has secured vastly
more from her parents (not something I asked for, nor want). I lied to
her because I've had enough and that forces me into a deadline for when
to act.

I don't know what to do. My overriding thought is to just pack up and
leave one day. I would have to sacrifice some stuff, because they're too
hard to move, but it's worth it. However, I would also have to sacrifice
friends -- something, I suspect, is inevitable anyway -- but it also
seems like a cowardly way out. There are times, albeit increasingly
fleeting, where XXX and I get along; they're good times. However, more
often than not, nowadays, I feel under attack. I go into a mode of
being, where I just stand and take it, but not in a "water off a duck's
back" way. Sometimes it gets too much. I don't say this lightly, but the
thought of killing myself has come to mind as an option. She's eroded my
confidence so much that I don't see there being much choice.

---

On New Year's Eve, at about 11:30pm, I messaged XXX and XXX and XXX a
happy New Year. I copied XXX in, to make it clear it was from us both,
and told her about it. She asked me why those people, specifically. I
don't actually know and then messaged a bunch of other people the same
thing. Of course, unbeknownst to me, the damage had already been done.

When we returned from XXX and XXX's last, she mentioned that she felt
maligned be XXX. I didn't remember this until she mentioned it
thereafter. She also had a rant about them when we went to that XXX
thing, but I had completely forgotten about this. Anyway, the short of
it is that, apparently, we're not friends with them any more. I still
consider them friends, but I'm not allowed to choose who I'm friends
with.

A massive argument ensued which went on 'til gone 4am. At which point,
to "make her feel better", she forced me to write another message to
them that would make it clear we're not on speaking terms. This was too
much: I am not doing her dirty work for her. Eventually she rephrased
her message to something unconfrontational, but it was still weird. She
still forced me to do it. She said she asked nicely, but I didn't have a
choice.

This really was the death knell of our relationship. This isn't the
first time I've had to push away my friends because she didn't like
them. It's not who it is, particularly, it's the obvious principle. This
has coercive control written all over it and I've had enough.
