I'm writing this in a non-emotional state, recalling the last week-or-so
as best I can. Hopefully it will come across as more objective than some
of my previous entries, which were written in haste just to get things
committed to record. I'm busy at work, so I don't have much time to
write.

Last weekend we didn't fight. It's the first weekend in weeks that this
has occurred. This is largely, I think, because I've learnt what sets
her off, thus know what to avoid. Anyway, it didn't last. Tuesday came
and, when the XXX delivery showed up without any bags -- after, the
previous time, being also quite awkward to deal with -- this set her
off. Not my fault, of course, but as soon as she's agitated, I know
that, unless I'm incredibly careful -- more so than can be reasonably
expected of anyone -- I'm in for trouble.

Because of the lack of bags, XXX suggested that I wash my hands extra,
because she's paranoid about surface transmission. I actually agreed to
this, because I knew it would lead to trouble otherwise, but it turns
out she didn't hear me. Thus ramped up her anger, focused entirely on
me. I made some, admittedly, pointless general points that were arguably
irrelevant and that made matters worse. She got louder and louder and I
snapped, I shouted back. Obviously that wasn't a good move from me and,
later in the night, I did apologise, but she shouldn't have a monopoly
on anger and she was driving me crazy. This caused her to start
screaming.

I shaln't go into every minutiae, but the short of it is that I hadn't
really done anything wrong. I was trying to be as compliant as possible
and, admittedly, I said some things that weren't 100% relevant, but they
weren't controversial, nor were they implicating/criticising her. It was
completely unfair for her to be so angry with me. She said I could have
been compassionate, to try to calm her down. Yeah, I could have, but
it's not easy when someone is shouting at you, apropos of nothing, again
and again.

That killed everything for me. Again, the following day, I was morose;
not dissimilar to when we had a massive argument a few weeks ago. Like I
had given up. Of course, if I look down, she gets grumpy with me again.
Plus, like I say, I've been busy at work, so I just engrossed myself in
that. That took the edge off for the rest of the week, but I remember,
when I was making dinner on Wednesday, I was almost in tears.

On Thursday, I think it was, we watched S02E02 of XXX. It's a good show
and it encourages discussion, which we had afterwards. I believed that
it wasn't fair for someone who is accused of rape -- the premise of the
show -- to have their life ruined, until they're proven guilty. I
proposed an alternative procedure, one of discretion, that I totally
agree is not without it's problems and, by in large, I agree with XXX's
assassination of my thoughts. However, that's my point, it was an
"assassination". She even accused me of being "pro-rape" at some point.
Nothing could be further from the truth and I was frankly appalled by
this.

I am totally fine with people having alternative opinions. I'm also
totally fine with adult debate about them. However, ramming it down my
throat and making me out to be immoral is not helpful. There's nothing
adult about that. It's just purposely divisive. This isn't anything
uncommon in her approach. I don't have any evidence for this, but I
genuinely believe she is goading me into saying something that she can
use against me. No matter how small. It's exhausting.

To give more examples: It was my birthday yesterday and, while it
proceeded relatively event-free, there were some close calls. I asked
her which parcel contained the present she got for me, which she told
me, but then accused me of being dismissive late the night before. I
have no recollection of this at all: I wasn't very happy because I'd
just played a XXX that I didn't really want to and was thoroughly
beaten. That's fine in itself, but it's not fun for me. She didn't
mention my chocolate and I wasn't dismissive about it. Then, when I
offered to share it with her, she said it was fine, but also helped
herself (which is fine by me, I wanted to share it with her). However,
she said something like, "You didn't even want it. We even had a massive
fight about it." Partially true, but not really the whole story and,
given the circumstances, that wasn't relevant any more.

Of course, mum and dad called me on the day and you could have cut the
tension with a knife. We haven't spoken about it since. I hate this. I
want to talk to my mum and dad whenever I want and not feel like I have
to be careful what I say. Fortunately -- at least as of writing --
nothing had flared up about it. However, while I was talking to them and
when she hadn't "excused herself", she finally opened her birthday
present from them; an XXX voucher. She told me she didn't want it and
that I could have it. I said that I'd buy something for her with it. She
told me I either use it myself or throw it away. So ungrateful. Guess
what, though, less than 24 hours later, she was asking me where that
voucher was so she could buy something with it. I don't know what she
bought -- she may have spent it on us or even me, so I don't want to
make any accusations -- but that's not the point, which I think is
clear.

Finally, today, we had another weird debate (in the same antagonistic
style of the XXX debate, so I use that word vaguely) about house buying.
My general point was that long term investments (such as property)
usually don't pay off in the short term, hence their name, and that in
the particular case of property, having somewhere to live is a higher
priority (to me and, I believe, many people) that the profit they'll
make. She is much more capitalistic about it -- which is totally fine,
by the way -- but was quite insistent that she was right and my point of
view didn't apply to everyone. That's true on the second count, sure,
but I think it applies to most and it definitely applies to me. To be
honest, I think this was an attempt to goad me into an argument about
where we live; i.e., our perennial, insoluble disagreement. I didn't
bite.
