Two-and-a-half weeks ago now, when we came back from our walk and I was
doing the rubbish, I thought it would be the perfect time to move my
suitcase into the car, just in case. I hesitated, as XXX could have come
out of the bathroom at any moment, but I went for it. Then XXX came out
of the bathroom and caught me.

I tried to make something up about why I was moving my suitcase while
doing the rubbish. Obviously it didn't stick. I ended up telling her the
truth, about how unhappy I was and that I was planning an escape, should
I need to. She said that I should just leave, but for some reason, again
I refused. I don't know why.

It took a few days, but we worked through it together. I told her a lot
about how I've been feeling and the extents to which I've gone to make
my life bearable. She knows a lot now, more than I would have perhaps
liked to reveal, but she says it has helped her trust me. (Although, in
the time since then, there have been several incidents where that trust
no longer counted for anything.)

As time progressed, I told her about the e-mail that mum and dad sent
last summer and when they came to visit me for lunch, in March. How
unhappy I was, during the latter, and their response. This did not go
down well. Not because of me -- I actually said the right thing;
sticking up for her -- but again with regard to how she sees my parents.

I don't think my parents were interfering and, while they did jump to
conclusions that I quickly corrected, I believe they were doing so in my
best interest. It is true, as XXX says, that they're not giving her any
benefit of the doubt and not considering her interests. However, given
their anecdotal evidence and contexts, their conclusions aren't entirely
unjustifiable. I'm not trying to take sides, just to see everything
objectively. I think XXX is right to be upset with them, but she doesn't
take criticism and, personally, I believe she's making more out of this
than needs be.

Ultimately, we agreed that I would send e-mails to mum to try to talk
this out. I wrote these in good faith and tried to remain objective,
whilst also not coming across as accusatory. I think I did a good job,
but XXX took editorial control and made me change things to suit her
narrative; some of which I was not happy with. Anyway, mum apologised in
response to the first e-mail, but didn't say anything in response to the
second. I was afraid it would upset her and I was proven right.

I sent a secret e-mail to mum telling her that these weren't entirely my
words. She responded quickly to let me know she's OK. That took a huge
relief off, but once again I'm doing thing behind XXX's back. She makes
me do these things. If I cannot speak for myself, or she wants to take
over, then I'm necessarily going to take things into my own hands.

Anyway, XXX has forgiven mum, but doesn't think her apology was sincere.
I don't quite understand how that works. She hasn't forgiven dad and
this has cause massive upsets in the time being. Every time the
conversation comes up, I try to remain objective, but she insists that
I'm sticking up for him/them and getting in the way. I don't see the
world like that, but she's so blinded by rage, she'll stop at nothing
for her "justice".

It's taken a toll on me. The e-mails to mum were stressful enough. When
she didn't reply, I was actually very depressed. My mum and dad mean
everything to me and I couldn't forgive myself if I had hurt them. I'm
glad that wasn't the case. The progress that XXX and I have made in
these two weeks has also rolled back because of this. It's one of those
fundamental problems we have that will one day come back to bite us.

We had actually made enough progress, before this, to potentially solve
one of our other fundamental problems: where to live. We both decided we
liked XXX. However, it wasn't long before her wants started clawing
back. I'm not going to take it and will make a stand. If it doesn't
work, then it doesn't work. Ultimately, even if we find somewhere we
both like to live, her problem with my dad will end it all.

For example, what provoked me to write this, is that yesterday she was
helping with the laundry. I didn't put everything in the machine because
it can wait, to save water/energy (for environmentalism's sake). She had
a problem with this, stating that if I want to do things my way, then I
should do them, etc., etc. I don't even remember how she worked it into
her argument, but dad even came up in this. There has been a few days
peace beforehand, as we'd agreed to just not discuss the matter, but she
got it in there anyway. Like I say, it's just a matter of time before it
all comes crashing down.

Her ultimate problem is to do with the money she got from the sale of
her and her parents' assets in XXX, which took a considerable amount of
effort to negotiate and transfer. Because it looks like my parents won't
be contributing much, if anything, to our next house purchase -- which I
assume won't ever happen -- despite XXX telling her parents they'll
contribute XXX. (She insists that I told her that this was the case,
even before I lied about the XXX, which she now also knows about.  I'm
not convinced, but let's take it for sake of argument.) Anyway, because
of this short fall, her parents are likely to be very angry.  That's
reasonable and I see her problem, but -- and I haven't mentioned this at
all, because it will come with considerable backlash -- she asked for
that money, not me nor my parents. She may have been doing it for us, as
she says, but it's never something I would have asked for and is now
causing all kinds of problems.

I don't know what to say. I know XXX isn't lying. She sometimes bends
the truth a bit and fails to take personal responsibility -- I mean, in
general, not with respect to this -- but she's not dishonest. Her plans
were predicated on something that's fallen through, but I don't see why
my parents should contribute anything. They've already given us the best
part of XXX (XXX from the mess-up from grandma's inheritance -- which
XXX will not accept -- XXX towards our mortgage, then XXX of mortgage
payments when XXX had to move out of XXX). That's not to say that XXX's
parent's haven't contributed anything -- clearly they have -- but that
was their choice and it doesn't compel my parents to reciprocate.

XXX made a deal with her parents on false pretences, that she was
unaware of. Now she is aware of them -- and the deal's been implemented
-- so she fears the fallout with her parents. I see that and I'm sorry,
but if she hadn't on insisted on buying somewhere before we could afford
it, or doing a XXX, then we wouldn't be in this mess in the first place.
She insists that I forced her to do a XXX, which is total nonsense. She
insists that I forced her to live in XXX which is again complete
rubbish.

I've tried to help her at every step and while I see she's also tried to
help, in her own way, it's not fair for her to use that against me when
things go wrong.

I don't know.

This is probably never going to work. I'm a pathological wet-blanket and
she's a narcissistic snowflake with anger-management issues. I'm not
going to "escape" any time soon, but I need to look after myself and do
things for me. Since XXX has told me in no uncertain terms that I can do
whatever I want, with regard to job, I'm strongly considering doing a
XXX myself. She won't approve, but it's what I've always wanted to do.

---
*EDIT* Something I forgot to mention: During the upset regarding the
laundry, she claimed that "I was paranoid about her trying to take
advantage of me" (I don't remember the actual words, but "paranoid" was
in there and that was the overall sentiment). I don't know where this
came from; it didn't seem relevant at the time. I'm not paranoid.
There's plenty of evidence to show she's treating me unusually. We don't
have a "normal" relationship.
