I was going to write this last week, but didn't have the time. We've had
an argument today, so that encourages me to write now.

I think there are still underlying differences of opinion between us
that we cannot change. These will be our ruin because, while we may be
able to compromise when it comes to it (which remains to be seen), it
will still fester away inside us.

We're both guilty of this. She still believes -- and continues to bring
up -- that I forced her into doing a job that she doesn't need to do
(plus "having" to do a XXX to get said job). In my mind, nothing could
be further from the truth or, even, more ridiculous. She will never
believe me and always hold this against me.

I still believe that I contribute more to the household than she does. I
don't know if that's quantifiably true; what she said may have gotten to
me. (Her basic argument is that, if/when she engages her parent's money
to buy our next house, she'll have contributed enough to our household
such that I could never repay it in terms of time or money. In the
meantime, I'm stretching myself thin to keep ourselves in a lifestyle
she chooses and have this potential future of endless servitude hanging
over my head.) Regardless, I don't feel appreciated for what I do and I
feel pressurised to do things I don't necessarily agree with (e.g.,
where we live) because of her. The aforementioned argument is because
this leaked out when we were being silly (another instance of when we
get too friendly, it goes wrong).

However, the reason I was initially predicated to write was because
we've just come through another "time of the month". I hate writing that
because it sounds so patronising. She can't do anything about it, but
for nearly two weeks out of every four, she becomes unbearably
short-tempered; I have to check almost everything I say. As I've said
before, may be it would just be simpler if I didn't talk at all.

I was talking to XXX and even asked him how his partner makes him feel.
I just want another's opinion -- someone I respect -- before I outright
write this off as a toxic relationship. When I try to answer that
question myself, during those two weeks, I come up with words like
"oppressed" or "repressed", "anxious", "scared". The other half of the
time isn't much improved; "cautious" I would say is the best I can
muster. This surely isn't right.

Now for the usual litany of crap I've had to put up with lately:

* She has expressed an interest in working from home permanently, after
  COVID. Obviously, if that's what she wants, then she should totally go
  for it and I'm not going to stand in her way. It seems that she may
  have achieved this, even without a reduction in wage. However, we
  still apparently have to live in XXX and -- because there's no way
  that I'm going to be allowed to be remote-based -- I'm going to have
  to commute. My point is: If she's remote-based, we could live
  literally anywhere, such as somewhere that makes it convenient for me
  to work, rather than spending three hours of my life every day
  driving.

* She has backtracked over her previous option regarding XXX: apparently
  she would now prefer to live here than XXX, despite all the things she
  said previously (and claims I misremember). Thus, if we ever end up
  living in XXX, it's going to be the least bad compromise for both of
  us: I wonder who will blink first. I'll have an insane commute, but be
  near(ish) to somewhere nice; she'll get lonely, but have her access to
  XXX. It's going to be a disaster. Now she's completely backtracked
  from our agreement on XXX -- a compromise for us both -- to say that I
  have to convince her that we should live there. Frankly, I have no
  words for this besides "fuck her".

* I was accused of being indifferent one day. I wasn't being
  indifferent, I was just tired. She's very needy during this time, so
  if it came across as indifference it's for that reason (of course, I
  didn't say as much; that would be suicide). Of course, I wasn't
  allowed to challenge this; she must be right and I was indifferent.
  Bullshit, of course. Apparently I'm no longer capable of expressing my
  own emotions any more.

* During that particular exchange, she said something odd to me. That I
  should remember that she cares for me and everything else is "all in
  my head." I didn't bite, but what exactly is she implying? That I'm
  crazy? It's enough to make you, but I don't appreciate this opinion.
  My thoughts are very much grounded in reality.

* She calls me "billie" all the damn time, so I reciprocate. When she
  has enough of it, she complains, so I stop. She doesn't stop. So
  apparently she's allowed to call me names without consequence, but I
  cannot. If I point this out, it ends badly. (She cannot be wrong,
  obviously!)

* She compartmentalises the chores, so now the laundry is her job, even
  though the only part of it she does is the hanging and the taking down
  (I have to do the washing machine still and sometimes do everything
  for her, because she often forgets). Personally, I believe that chores
  should be done as-and-when they're needed, by whomever. (Maybe this is
  the reason I've ended up doing everything, because I have higher
  standards than her and she's clearly not going to do anything.)
  Anyway, as expected, she doesn't do a great job of the laundry: often
  dropping clothes (which, she believes, means they need washing again,
  which is a complete waste) and hanging things such that they dry
  unevenly (or not at all).

* She uses my laptop to play XXX in the evening and weekends, leaving me
  without it and limiting the things I can do. One weekend, she said I
  could have my laptop and she would use her computer. Afterwards, she
  moaned and moaned and moaned because, apparently -- as she has to
  stand to use her computer -- it's exhausting. Once again, her lack of
  stamina is limiting me. I'm never going to get out of this shit if I
  cannot control my time or access to resources. It's all about her
  controlling everything to her benefit.

* I think this is the last thing: She said I could talk to my parents,
  but she's not going to be happy about it (because she hates them, or
  at least my dad). So my choice is either talk to them when I want,
  because they're my parents and I love them and want to talk to them,
  but suffer her wrath; or not talk to them and hope I don't
  accidentally trigger her any other way. I just talk to them in secret;
  fuck her if she thinks I'm doing things behind her back. Maybe she
  shouldn't put me in these positions in the first place.

* Oh, there's one more thing: I've found a consistent way of talking
  with her that doesn't cause a fuss. To be cutesy and talk like a pair
  of idiots. It works, but it's incredibly superficial and undermining.
  I know that if I say anything "serious" or "opinionated", I'm in for a
  world of hurt. So it's either baby-talk or her rage. Like I keep
  saying: Fuck her.

I don't need XXX to tell me my relationship is toxic waste and
destroying my life. It's clear for anyone to see.

---

**EDIT**

I forgot a bunch of stuff and, of course, I hadn't heard the end of it.
At around 6am this morning, she woke me up complaining of sickness,
which she ascribed to psychological problems. (Whether it was or not
doesn't matter; that's what she insisted.) I tried to help and to calm
her down, but she just got more and more agitated until eventually
breaking down into uncontrollable tears. I don't know what to do any
more. She's brought this upon herself and, rather than trying to help
herself, she loses control. I only have so much patience and sympathy.
I'm not equipped to help her, as much as I want to; likewise, it's not
fair to put me in such a position (it's not one of my making, although
she'd probably claim otherwise).

Anyway, her "argument" ultimately boils down to that "she's making her
maximum effort." Fair enough. It's a shame her "maximum" is so limited;
perhaps if she took better care of herself, as I've tried to encourage
(less snacking, going to bed at a sensible time, etc.), then she
wouldn't have this problem. I don't know. I find it very hard to accept
that she has the stamina of an 80-year-old.

What about the things I'd forgotten:

* I complained about having to do her proof reading, one day. I do this
  regularly for her and it eats up my time. In this instance, she "paid
  me back" with chocolate that I didn't want, but that's not after
  having a fight about it. I don't expect to be paid back, but I don't
  want to be summoned whenever she needs me to do her work for her.

* Once again we needed to restock on XXX (I've gone off the anti-anxiety
  meds: I'm not sure that's wise, but it saves this problem). As per
  usual, getting these was a huge pain, due to her draconian rules. I
  actually had a three month supply, but she wanted me to get more
  immediately; ordering me about like her damn servant.

* On one weekend day that I briefly had to myself, I helped XXX with
  some maths. For some reason this didn't go down well. I don't remember
  what she said at the time, but apparently I should have been doing
  something else rather than "wasting time".

* I remember distinctly screaming into my pillow. Without the meds, I'm
  susceptible to panic attacks; I think I almost had one yesterday, as a
  result of this stupid argument. There have been a few times they seem
  close.

I can't live like this. Basically the only option I have is to be
duplicitous: speaking in superficial cutesiness and playing her stupid
XXX, else suffer her wrath, using the vanishing spare time I have to
myself to get myself out of this wretched situation.
