It's common for me to say, "I don't hate anyone." I'm starting to think
that I'm willing to make an exception, but that attitude -- even the
thought -- makes me feel bad. I don't hate XXX. I love XXX, but it's
become abundantly clear that we want different things in life, which are
not reconcilable. Because I don't want to hurt her, I've lied to her --
which makes me feel, and will end up, even worse -- but I hate this
conflict and argument. Ultimately, I realise that sooner or later, I'm
going to have to let her down. Maybe it's best for both of us, despite
the suffering and scars we'll endure; I don't know.

Yesterday I had my XXX biopsy. XXX doesn't know about this. I neither
want to be told to delay it again, nor -- if I were permitted -- be
treated like a walking biohazard upon my return (rather than the care
that, frankly, anyone would assume). It almost made me cry, yesterday,
because the doctor and nurse were so nice; my unfamiliarity with that. I
realise they were probably laying it on thick to distract me, but that
alone is compassion enough.

This is a really bad thing to say, but part of me hopes that the results
from my biopsy come back badly; like I only have a few months to live,
or something. That way I can reasonably just avoid the whole subject of
where to live, how to pay for it and what to do with our time, etc.
because I wouldn't have enough life left for it to be relevant. It
saddens me to have these thoughts.

On Saturday, we went to XXX for a XXX event. I didn't really want to go,
but it was good to see old friends. (Needless to say, I had my stress
headache for much of the weekend.) An argument started in the car due to
a misunderstanding. This quelled for the day -- although we obviously
avoided each other -- but reignited once we returned home.  The details
aren't important. She insisted that I was not on her side, but I was
defending myself on quite a different point. However, the nature of the
fight was too much for me. I was so angry and upset, even though I
hadn't -- I felt -- done anything wrong. Again, I feel quite sad to
write this, but I genuinely considered, at that moment, just flinging
open our balcony doors and taking a running jump over the edge, into
oblivion.

I don't know what to do. I want some life back. I'm happy to support XXX
and her interests; to a point. It can't all be for her. I don't want to
live in XXX, but she can't live outside of XXX. I respect that, but that
alone is untenable. As she's said before, one of us is going to have to
be unhappy. She's been unhappy. Now I'm unhappy. Deeply so. What do I
do?

Whatever XXX says, I haven't forced anything upon her. I've been
supportive of her for years. I may complain -- sometimes quite regularly
and passive aggressively -- but I've always tried to do the best for
her, even if I've sometimes fallen short. I do this because I want to,
but I can't do it in spite of myself. She would agree with that. That's
the position she often takes; putting herself first.

I need to put myself first, but I'm terrified of the fall out. Even if I
were to ignore the practical consequences -- work, rent, etc. -- I don't
want to hurt her. She'll scream and cry and I'll be weak and back-pedal;
seeing her cry breaks my heart. I don't think I can be strong enough to
stand up for myself. Of course -- not unreasonably so -- my lies might
be enough that she just wants to leave anyway.

Auntie XXX has colon cancer. I'm very upset about this. I don't know if
she'll be OK. I almost didn't tell mum and dad about my biopsy because
then they'd have two existential fronts to face. Their son and mum's
sister. I don't care about myself, but I care about them. I can't hurt
them as well. Plus, if things do fall apart with XXX, that will just
compound the effect.

This is horrible. I can't move. And it's all my fault.
