Again she started whining about being bored. Then she said she was
depressed. I went to cuddle her and ask her why. She said it was because
she's stuck in our flat almost permanently and it's driving her a bit
crazy. I tried to help; I tried to comfort her. I didn't mention that
the reason why we're stuck in our flat was because of her arbitrary
rules; we could easily go out more than we do. It's a good thing I
didn't say that because what I did say -- that we were going out for a
walk on Sunday and that's something to look forward to (i.e., nothing
wrong with that) -- was apparently wrong and unleashed yet another
fucking argument.

Guess where it ended up? Yeah, you got it: where we live and my parents.
Fuck her stupid fucking face. I am so sick of her shit. Apparently, we
agreed that we would only move to XXX if we could both establish
permanent working from home. I would hate that, being stuck with her all
the damn time. She thought I forgot, but that wasn't the original nature
of our compromise; which I knew at the time was too good to be true. I
don't understand how self-centred and inconsistent she can be. She can't
commute from XXX because she's ooh so delicate; so she expects me to
commute from XXX to XXX! She doesn't want that, because she doesn't want
me to spend that money on petrol or be home late, so she ultimately
wants me to find work either in XXX or permanently remote.  Fuck her.
She thinks that if I was away at work, she would go crazy and kill
herself. So she's using that as a threat against me.

She said some really horrible things to me. I tried very hard to stay
calm and not take it personally, but I am fucking sick of it now. She
accused me of being deceitful and even that I would take the risk of her
killing herself. Jesus, what a piece of work.
