XXX's grip on sanity has waxed and waned, recently. In general, with
thanks to her boss' boss, she's improved. However, despite him going to
considerable lengths to help her, she's still adamant that she'll go on
sick and ultimately resign in the next three months. Meanwhile, she
continues to assume the worst about her boss; she's really quite a
hateful, narcissistic person. Anyway, obviously she can do what she
wants regarding her job, but good luck with that approach. That's not
how you respond to such courtesy -- everyone trying to help solve the
issue, except for herself -- but I'm not getting involved; the last
thing I want is for her to start blaming me again for "having to work."

What predicated me to write this, however, is not that. Nor is it that,
throughout this episode, she fails to recognise her boss' behaviour --
which she objects to so strongly -- in herself, aimed squarely at me.
It's what's she said after I'd cleaned up after dinner, the other week.
That I should maintain that I'm "extremely vulnerable" and that I cannot
therefore physically return to work until there was zero risk. When I
pushed back, I was told, "You're not allowed to go until a vaccine has
been found!"

I am "not allowed."

A vaccine is months away -- 12 to 18, by all accounts -- and no employer
would tolerate that. Besides, I have it on my XXX's advice that I'm no
more vulnerable than anyone else my age. She insists instead that she's
vulnerable, but provides no evidence to support this. As soon as I can,
I am out of here and from her.

A few days after this, she reiterated -- apropos of nothing -- that I
wasn't even allowed out on my own to take a walk. We have to go
together. Currently, that only happens once a week. She's effectively
trapping me here. Why don't I push back against this? I tried, but it
results in her getting defensive and argumentative. We live in a tiny
flat; I'm already taking antidepressants to tolerate her abusive
behaviour and living in this shit-hole city, I don't think I can handle
her being aggressive on top of that.

I got an e-mail the other week about renewing our tenancy. I'd been
sitting on it, because I didn't want to bring it up while XXX is in an
anxious state. I was going to confer to see how we should proceed, but
now I'll wait it out for as long as I can. I'll be gone, but I don't
want to be liable for this flat for longer than I have to be.

I'll just have to stand by this. As I've spoken about before, I'm "too
forgiving" and "too chill": I don't want to spend my life bearing a
grudge, so I find it easier to just get on with life. (Something I wish
XXX could learn, but that's never going to happen!) Occasionally, she
shows fleeting moments of humility and self-reflection, but as before,
it never lasts. Experience has shown that her high spirits will not last
more than 12 hours. In the meantime, I'm doing all the work here:
cooking, cleaning, laundry, washing up, the bins -- don't get me started
on the God damn bins! -- proof reading her work, being her PA, being her
therapist, etc. She does nothing but make things worse for us both.

What else can I say? The wasting of food, which I predicted long ago,
has started. For me, wasting food is as bad as wasting people's time.
We've got so much unnecessary supply, because she insists that we can't
go out shopping and deliveries are not forthcoming; it was inevitable
that we wouldn't be able to eat it all fast enough. Who hoards
perishables? Fucking idiot. And she's still doing it! More and more
stuff keeps arriving and we have nowhere to put it. Our tiny flat is now
even smaller because there's so much food strewn all over the place.
Food that would have been better off going to someone who actually needs
it.

I'd rather take my chances with the virus, at this point.
