First, Facebook. When I wrote my entry yesterday, XXX's account was
clearly deactivated. However, in the afternoon, she was certainly still
using and talking about Facebook. I was confused. Why did she appear
gone, to me? I checked again, this morning, and found that she had
reappeared... Perhaps she deactivated her account briefly, because of
what I'll write about subsequently, but then decided it was better not
to make such a leap. That's the only plausible explanation I can come up
with.

So, what happened? XXX was playing XXX with XXX all afternoon and I was
granted freedom (which I used mostly to throw her rubbish away). When I
was summoned to collect her, I was forced to wait a couple of hours
before their XXX ended, but she seemed in high spirits. This all changed
once we left and were alone, together. She once again became impatient
and short-tempered with me.

It was XXX this weekend, which we would usually go to if it weren't for
XXX's work commitments this week. (On a related note, one might suggest
that her current workload, amongst other things, is responsible for her
current state. I believe it certainly has some role, but there's a limit
and, regardless, I hardly think it's appropriate to take it out on me...
I digress.) At XXX, XXX has been playing with XXX and, XXX believes,
potentially sowing the seeds of disinformation and division. I don't
really understand why XXX has this world view -- that friends are
constantly trying to stab each other in the back -- but it seems a
common trope. Anyway, she ultimately concluded that she isn't going to
be bullied by this behaviour, which she perceives as such -- I just see
it as two people being friendly towards each other -- and said that she
would just "take the hard landing", if it comes to that in the future.

By that, she means she'll be polite, but relatively dismissive, if/when
she sees XXX again. However, if he suggests joining with XXX or XXX, or
if XXX invites either of them, then she's going to let them know in no
uncertain terms that it's not acceptable. She'll make a scene and
expects me to reciprocate (I won't; she's ridiculous). She says she'd
rather do this and lose friends than any other solution.

I don't think she's gone crazy, but this is incredibly irrational and
self-centred behaviour, in my opinion. Friends should never be treated
like that and, if one perceives them to have "wronged" you in some way,
then they should be given the benefit of the doubt and that quarrel
should be addressed with civility. That's what adults do. They don't
scream and yell until and force people to take sides, like children. I
find this all actually quite hard to understand because it's so far
removed from how I'm used to people acting for now the majority of my
life. Sure, if I was 12, I might understand her point-of-view; but even
then I might think it was a bit immature.

I'm stuck in the middle of all this. I do not want to lose any friends,
even if I'm not a devout XXX like they are. XXX and XXX were bad enough;
XXX is too much; but now potentially losing XXX as well is way over the
line. What's more, I do not appreciate her attitude towards me in all
this: forcing me to take her side and speak up for her, all the while
effectively blaming me for this in the first place (apparently it's my
fault, for wishing XXX and XXX a happy new year...yes, seriously). This
whole thing is just so fucking stupid. How can she not see the damage
she is causing to what is now our irreparably broken relationship?
