I've been trapped at home with XXX, now, for two and a half weeks.
Regularly, especially towards the beginning, arguments and fights would
flare up over nothing. Always with me on the back foot; something not
done to her ridiculous expectations.

She tells everyone that I'm in the extremely vulnerable category. I'm
not. It's good to play it safe, sure, but at least be honest about it.
Now I've had official word from the XXX -- plus I don't have XXX, which
is a bonus -- she's changed her tune: Apparently she's the vulnerable
one now. She's not vulnerable, just pathetic.

She won't let us go shopping like normal people, because of the risk of
infection. She doesn't understand risk analysis; she just focuses on the
stakes and ignores the likelihood. She claims I don't understand risk
analysis either, but it's quite simple: probability * impact (what she
calls "stakes"). I don't want to downplay the situation, but
realistically at the moment we have more chance of going hungry,
becoming malnourished, or killing each other because she's so fucking
mental.

She's part of the problem, too. She's hoarding and panic buying like
crazy. We're going to end up spending a fortune and having more food
than we can eat -- but nothing necessarily useful -- which is going to
go off, because we won't have space for it. I despair.

Everything at home is potentially contaminated, by her estimation. I
cannot even get water out of the fridge without washing my hands
afterwards. Cooking dinner has become a chore. Don't get me wrong, I
don't have a problem with taking extra precautions, but there's a limit.
Also, the "penalty" for failing to live up to her insane standards
should not be her shouting at me for the remainder of that day.

Last week, mum sent us a cake in the post. A mail order cake. According
to XXX, this was contaminated too. First she was annoyed that they sent
it to us in the first place, causing extra work -- extra work that she
instigates -- but when she concluded it may be contaminated, she just
threw it away. I know it's just a cake, but I haven't been so angry in a
long time. Mum sent that to me out of love. XXX destroyed that out of
paranoia. That's the summary of our relationship. She doesn't love me,
she's just trying to protect herself and use me to do the things she
doesn't want to.

I can't take her bullshit any more. Once this lockdown is over, I am out
of here. I hope I don't die before then.
