After playing XXX -- fraternising with friends -- and occupying my work
laptop for hours after work, leaving me to make and clean up dinner, we
finally did something together and watched some TV. About half way
through, XXX started to rest her bare feet on my work laptop.

I asked her not to and, instead of apologising and reciprocating, she
asked why and continued. I asked again. And again.

I don't want her feet on my laptop. It's not that her feet are
particularly dirty, but still. It's not very respectful. Plus, she could
have very easily knocked it over and damaged it. It's not my laptop, but
I am responsible for it and need it for work. It is not unreasonable for
me to ask her to remove her feet.

Of course, she didn't think so and this escalated into a fight. She
didn't understand my "respect" point of view, which I can't say I'm
unsurprised about, but I didn't become sarcastic. I tried to explain
myself as well I could, but to be honest, I shouldn't need to. I submit
to her whims all the time; admittedly, usually for a quiet life. It's
interesting to see how she reacts when I assert my opinion. Not well, it
seems.

An analogy was drawn to her putting her feet up on the table. In my
opinion, it's fine if it's on her side -- as you can't disrespect
yourself -- but I would not be happy about it she put her feet up on my
side. It's true that, legally speaking, we own the table together; I
don't see, however, how the practical difference isn't obvious to her.

She then tried to drawn an analogy with the duvet. For as long as we've
been together, I've always made the bed in the morning. As do most
people in the civilised world. I do so by straightening and folding over
the duvet. Her argument is that this is the same, as then the feet part
of the duvet touches the head part. That's not strictly true and,
additionally -- and again practically -- my foot part is "near" my head
part and likewise for her. There's no contamination or me being
disrespectful of her, in my opinion.

Actually, in my opinion, this is a void argument, as the duvet sides
don't even touch and, besides, I maintain that making the bed is better
than leaving it in a big heap. Of course, she doesn't agree...but then,
she wouldn't. Nowadays, we have separate beds and separate duvets,
partly to resolve this problem.

Frankly, being separate completely is the only real solution.

Watching TV ended prematurely, of course. She then latched on to
anything she could to take back control of the discourse:

* Using inflammatory language, against me; she's "disgusted" about the
  duvet thing, for example.

* Threatening to "balance" this "disgust" by putting her feet up on my
  side of the table.

* Nitpicking about anything (e.g., apparently I hadn't closed the bin
  properly) and making a fight out of it.

When I write it out in black and white, and while I remained calm and
levelled throughout, it's really quite obvious how much of a bully she
is.

---
*EDIT* The day after we played some XXX in the evening. She asked me to
wash my hands beforehand, even though they were clean from making and
cleaning up dinner. When I pointed this out, she said that she complied
with regard to her feet, so I should comply. I didn't remind her that
what she calls compliance involved the ignition of a full blown fight,
with the outcome being that we didn't even finish what we we wanted to.
