I've survived, so far, after XXX's threats of violence. Things have been
OK, so hopefully that'll continue. So I am going to talk about something
else for a change...

I have noticed recently that I'm making a lot of careless mistakes.
Nothing bad, but things that I should know I'm getting wrong. I've never
seen myself as "sharp", but I'm not stupid; it concerns me that this is
happening. So far, I have few theories as to why:

1. I'm just getting old. I'll be XXX in less than two months and a
   degree of cognitive decline is normal as one ages. However, I
   wouldn't expect it to drop off a cliff; nor is XXX particularly old.

2. I am a very suggestible person. XXX has mentioned numerously and
   exaggeratedly that she thinks I'm losing my mind or have "early-onset
   dementia". I think she's full of it, but is it possible that my
   personality is such that I've taken this on subconsciously and its
   manifesting itself in reality; like I'm unwittingly playing to her
   expectations? I think this is quite the long shot, but it's not
   completely impossible.

3. I'm depressed. So acutely that I'm becoming increasingly apathetic
   and unmotivated. I certainly feel like I don't care about much at the
   moment. Even the things I enjoy or are good at have suffered: I can
   barely read a book any more, I can't concentrate for long enough to
   follow the plot, and forget about work. This is obviously exacerbated
   by the pandemic and a particularly boring work load since the
   beginning of the year. Moreover, the pandemic means I can't see a
   doctor -- not that I could get any drugs to help me, due to the
   ordeal that is XXX's quarantine protocols -- or a therapist about it.
   So there's nothing I can do.

4. This is a somewhat fringe theory, which is an extension of the last:
   Due to all the stress that's occurred recently, I've "detached"
   myself as a self-defence mechanism. Like I'm running on auto-pilot,
   barely above consciousness (hence mistakes for anything non-trivial).
   Like my second theory, it's not impossible, but it's hard to provide
   evidence for.

Maybe it's a confluence of all the above, in different measures. All I
know is that I don't like it. My intelligence -- now that my cycling
days are so far behind me -- is literally all I have left that I value.
If I lose that, then what? I'm less than nothing.

I have plenty of ambition -- that's never been the problem -- I have
plenty to read; I want to learn languages (so many it's hard to choose);
I want to strengthen up with exercise; I want to write something
non-trivial in Rust; I want to get my blog back online and start writing
again... Maybe it's the paradox of choice; however, I think it seems
more like my ambition doesn't match my discipline. That's always been a
problem, but it's particularly acute right now. Only exacerbated by
tiredness: being kept up 'til 3 or 4am and waking at 10am for work is
not sustainable.

On an unrelated note, since I mentioned it's nearly my XXX birthday,
that too fills me with disappointment. Because of the pandemic and XXX's
quarantine protocol, I won't be able to see my parents or brother (or
friends). I'm not special, so I'm not disappointed that I can't break
the rules just because I happen to have a round-numbered birthday this
year. However, XXX doesn't really care about birthdays, so it will be a
complete non-event. Like no one cares.
