What's happened since I last wrote an entry?

We had some mail stolen. Well, XXX had some mail stolen. Now she's even
more paranoid about retrieving deliveries: we (I) must hang around and
fetch anything immediately, when we're expecting something, which means
taking masses of time out of my working day waiting for someone to show
up. These are almost always her deliveries, I should add. Then it's the
full decontamination routine thereafter, wasting even more time. She
keeps going on at me not to order stuff -- not that I do -- or to make
sure no one sends me anything -- which is hardly ever -- while she keeps
buying stuff. Whatever.

Then it was my XXX birthday. I think it sets a new record for worst
birthday I've ever had. Stuck in our flat, alone for much of the day,
while XXX played games with her friends. I was able to speak to mum and
dad, which was good; then we watched a movie in the evening. I got some
say in what we watched, but not enough to watch something enjoyable.
XXX wished me a happy birthday; he's the only friend who did. Good for
him.

XXX had a massive fight with one of her gaming friends; ex-friend, now,
I suppose. They had a difference of opinion and got worked up about it.
I tried to calm her down by rationalising with her that people can have
alternative views. That just made her more angry and direct it towards
me. Fuck her. I was just trying to help. I'm not going to do that by
saying, "Oh yes, you're absolutely right, your opinion is the only valid
one in the universe and everyone else is wrong."

Even since, it's been one thing or another. The slightest infraction
will cause a cataclysmic argument. I don't understand why she gets so
angry. She's not necessarily unleashing it on me, but it often turns
that way and it's not unreasonable of me to (a) try to help her, and (b)
not want to live in such a stressful environment. Apparently not.

Meanwhile, I've been interviewing for a new job. I'm so sick of XXX;
another toxic relationship I find myself in. As of writing, I got
through to the final round and am now just waiting to see. I'm not
confident I'll get the job, to be honest. As well as wanting to get away
from XXX, it's also a remote job, so I don't have to worry about
satisfying XXX's excessive restrictions. I'm also waiting on a letter
from my XXX to that end, so everything's riding on these two things. If
neither go my way, then what?

I'm really upset. I don't know what to do any more. I've done what I can
to improve my situation, but I'm at others mercy. I'm barely sleeping. I
can't concentrate on anything I enjoy. This isn't living, any more.
