I need to elaborate on last week's entry, since this week has been
nothing but tense, painful and miserable.

Last week's dejection was because we went out for a walk. XXX found us a
nice looking site to wander around, but there was a parking attendant
and I apparently got too close. I was wearing my mask, we were outdoors
and it was very windy; I didn't kiss him, but yes, I was less than 2m
metres from him. Probably about 1.5m.

Why? Because I guess my assessment of the risk was that it wasn't a
problem and I couldn't hear what he was asking me. I thought the risk
high enough to put on my mask, but apparently that wasn't enough.
Anyway, that really pissed XXX off and, because it was so windy, we
effectively had to shout at each other to be heard. That made matters
worse, such that we probably unintentionally wound each other up.

One thing she said that particularly sticks in my mind: It's my fault
that she has to be stuck at home all the time, because of my condition.
Fuck her. It's not anyone's fault that I have blood cancer. I agree that
I should be more cautious than most people, but her extreme protocols
are entirely of her own design. Her hypochondria is what's driving this;
so don't blame me.

Anyway, it ruined the day. A massive fight over effectively nothing.
Once again.

I say it ruined the day. It ruined the early part of the week. It was so
disproportionate, that I was upset for a few days, while she was short
tempered with me (more so than usual). Great.

Then came Thursday. We took the day off and planned a day at the
seaside. The weather wasn't as nice as we were hoping for, but that was
far from the problem.

I misjudged how much petrol we would need. However, I did bring my
credit card, just in case. (I was completely unaware that XXX was
carrying one, too.) However, I didn't bring the gloves that I have to
wear -- but am not allergic to -- to use the petrol pump without XXX
freaking out. I mentioned to XXX, very clearly, several times, that I
was bringing my card; I didn't tell her why, that's true, but given we
wouldn't be going to shops, restaurants, or using paid car parks, there
aren't many options left.

When it became clear that we'd need to refill, XXX became incredibly
agitated and angry with me. We may have actually had enough to make it
back -- I'm not sure -- but I wasn't going to risk that. She accused me
of a complete lack of judgement and then of terrible communication
skills. I did not point out that had she actually listened to me, then
maybe we wouldn't be in this problem. I also pointed out that getting
petrol is not a problem at all: we had plenty of plastic gloves, which
XXX could have worn.

Anyway, it ruined the day. XXX calmed down eventually and agreed to do
the petrol pumping if, as I suggested, I showed her how it was done.
Eventually she conceded that I could use the out-of-quarantine gloves in
the car, also as I had suggested. I did so, on the way back: it was a
complete non-event, no trouble at all. She completely ruined the day
over nothing. Accusing me of all kinds of failings; whatever supported
her narrative, no matter how outlandish.

Those were the two big fights we had over the week. They've made me very
unhappy and morose. She's been tetchy in the meanwhile and very easy to
annoy. Again, completely unintentionally -- I'm not a maniac; I'm not
going to poke the bear -- but what can I do? Suck up her bullshit?

For example, I made a joke about the washing machine being wasteful and
she took it as being directed and against her, as she often does. It's
true that I believe she wastes energy like crazy -- not that I'm much
better -- but I genuinely wasn't having a go at her. I was just making a
fucking joke. She accused me of "dicking about" while she did the
chores. Are you kidding?! She wanted the weird siloing of chores, so
what did she expect? I wasn't "dicking about", I was just waiting for
her. What would she say if I accused her of "dicking about" when I'm
making dinner or washing up? She would go fucking mental on me!
Hypocrite.

Anyway, in an act of defiance, I watched XXX, which cheered me up a bit.
She swore blind that we'd seen it before, while I claimed that we
hadn't. Guess what? Turns out her so-called-eidetic memory is no less
fallible than anyone else's. Her loss. I think that's what she deserves
for her arrogance, to be honest.

What else? She's started going to bed at a relatively normal time
(1am-ish). I've been suggesting this for years, to help us both with our
sleep, but it's always been "too difficult" for her. Apparently it was
really easy for her and, guess what, it has really helped with our
sleep, like I said it would. Of course, she wants me to stay up 'til she
goes to bed so she can watch 5 minutes of TV, but it's better than
nothing.

Otherwise, it's the usual shit. Name calling, despite me asking
assertively not to. Trying to grab me by the cock, even though me
repeatedly telling her not and that I don't like it. Impatience over
almost everything.

I've really had enough. She's pathetic. I don't understand why I put up
with it. I'm pathetic too, reduced to nothing by her.
