I've been holding on to this for a week because I've been so busy. In
the meantime, I'm just getting more and more depressed. I am totally
trapped.

Mum and dad asked me what I wanted for my birthday. I suggested a new
coat as my nearly 20-year-old one is falling apart and, despite having
wanted to repair it for a number of years, I don't have the time to do
so (or even learn to do so). Given it's my XXX birthday and it could
last me another 20 years, I thought this entirely reasonable. As did
they and they sent me the money for the one I found that I liked. It
wasn't crazy-expensive -- I'm not going to extort them -- just the
normal cost of a quality, non-branded winter coat.

XXX apparently has a MASSIVE problem with this. She thinks I should have
waited until said coat goes on sale -- presuming it ever does -- then
buy it at the sale price, using the difference to pay for things for the
house. In principal -- i.e., in purely economic terms -- it's not a
terrible idea, but the last time it went on sale was the end of January,
so half of winter would have already passed IF it goes on sale again.
There's also the "sentiment" argument, in that my birthday present is
for me; sure, being selfless by taking a sacrifice wouldn't be
impossible, but don't I deserve a treat for once? She spends her money
(conveniently it's "hers" in this case, whereas it's "ours" when I'm
involved) -- thousands of pounds -- on XXX. She buys multiple coats a
year, admittedly cheaper than mine (maybe 1/4 of the price, each), as
well as multiple fancier ones (maybe 1/2 the price) that she never
wears. Then there's the fact that it's my parents money which they want
to spend on me; she doesn't get to decide how it's used.

Obviously the point she is trying to make is the same one as always: her
parents contributed a huge amount to our house, which I'm arguably
benefiting from "for free" because my parents weren't willing to
contribute anything. Apart from they did contribute some -- albeit some
years ago, when XXX's parents also contributed -- but they only have so
much; there's a difference between "willing" and "able". Also, she
wanted to live in XXX; we found a place that we both like, so I'm not
bothered about that, but that's the reason why our "home" was so
expensive. With the same money, in a reasonable town -- not the
"countryside", as she continues to insist -- one could buy quite a
sizeable detached house.

She then made the point that she's saving money all over the place, at
her detriment. For example, she waited for the blind to go on sale to
save money, but at the cost of the sun being in her eyes for too long.
She didn't have to make that choice; nobody forced her to. She could
have spent the money she used on XXX or, as the sale price didn't
actually knock much off, just taken the loss if it was causing so much
trouble. For what it's worth, I paid for the blind -- not that that's a
problem -- and I would have happily paid extra for it to avoid her this
inconvenience; she would think that a waste of money, but that's her
problem, not mine.

If that wasn't enough, she went on to accuse me of being the reason why
she's had to take a pay cut, because she now works from home
permanently, and thus selling her stuff. It's not my fault I have XXX.
Also, while I agree that some kind of preventative measures are
necessary, I think her extreme level of caution is (probably)
unnecessary. Unfortunately, I have no data or training to back this up.
Neither does she; I think she just wants a justification for working
remotely, to avoid commuting and the fact that a lot of the time she's
just dicking about, which she won't get away with in the office. (Also,
she's been wanting to sell those XXX for months: we had to pay to move
them to our new place. It's funny how who is spending money makes a
difference regarding who's wasting it.)

As you can imagine, this nightmare lasted 'til about 4am that day. It
didn't really end, just that we were too tired to continue and no
resolution was in sight. That's largely because, miraculously, I did a
really good job of not being defensive or fighting back. This didn't
help me win any argument -- that's not possible -- but I suppose it
avoided fuelling her bullshit. It also allowed me to be more
level-headed throughout the whole ordeal. I guess that's better than
nothing.

While it's completely knocked my mental health for the past week -- so
much so that my sleep has been thrown off and I've felt physically sick
-- it's good because I was able to get quite a lot of the conversation
recorded. Including her slamming the door repeatedly, like a crazy
person, in the middle of the night. The door's broken now. I also
managed to record her threats of violence, either from herself if I were
to hurt her -- I don't need to worry about that, because I wouldn't hurt
anyone -- and her dad's, should anything happen to her (e.g., if she
kills herself, as she repeatedly threatens to do so). It's good that I
got it recorded, but this is why I'm trapped.

Since then she's acted like nothing's happened. I've been giving her a
wide berth -- more so than usual -- as I don't really feel safe any
more. Given the fracas over money, I've just completely resigned myself
over anything from her for my birthday. (Again, not that I was planning
on extorting her; why would I do that?) I managed to persuade her to
just get me chocolate, so when it's gone I won't have anything to remind
me of her. She's playing XXX with XXX on my birthday, so I get much of
the day to myself, alone. I'll get to call my parents in private -- the
only way I can get away with it -- but otherwise it sounds like a pretty
crappy birthday; let alone a XXX. Don't get me wrong, I don't expect the
world to revolve around me, but just one day to feel special and loved
isn't too much to ask. Is it?

In the meantime, I've been working hard; both at work and in job
interviews. XXX is starting to push for me to return again and that's
only going to cause more trouble. XXX's opinion is that we should shut
ourselves away until there's some kind of "medical breakthrough" in
terms of treatment; i.e., not for the foreseeable future. I don't really
want to return -- I've been working my butt off, just to have incentives
dangled in front of me that never materialise -- but I have less and
less to argue with. I really need to talk to experts -- not that XXX
will listen to them -- to get some solid information.

What is it with me and abusive relationships? The common factor is
myself; it stands to reason, therefore, that I bring this upon myself
due to some behaviour. Obviously it's my weakness in not standing up for
myself, for avoiding conflict because I don't believe it solves
anything; maybe I give certain people too much credit and now I'm being
exploited because of that. I'm their "useful idiot". Where did the good
people go? I used to know them and be involved with them. Why do I now
find myself back in the company of, not psychopaths, but definitely
bullies?

Sometimes I feel like there's only one way out for me. Living in fear is
no way to live.
