I got the job. Not only that, but the salary they offered me is more
than I was expecting. There should have been nothing to not be happy
about...

As is common, I suggested a start date which includes a small gap
between my current job and the next. This is partly for my benefit,
because I'd like some time to chill, but also because when organising
with two, independent parties, it makes sense to add some "buffer" such
that things don't overlap.

Of course, XXX didn't see it this way. Everything for her is about money
and the "sacrifices she makes for us". Her reasoning is that she needs
to buy XXX, but because of her pay-cut, she has to sell XXX to make up
the difference; that's work that she would rather not do, but it saves
money. Thus when I effectively throw away money for taking a very small
employment gap, that's an affront to her efforts. Where do I start,
besides rolling my eyes so hard they'll probably come back round the
other side?

* She needs to buy XXX? Well, she doesn't. Don't get me wrong, if they
  make her feel better, I have no problem with her buying XXX -- or
  whatever takes the edge off -- but she doesn't *need* to. She has
  hundred of XXX that are just sitting there gathering dust. Because of
  her self-imposed lockdown, she hardly even XXX physical XXX that often
  any more.

* She has to sell old XXX to make up the difference? Fair enough, but
  she's been wanting to sell those XXX for months; way before she took a
  pay-cut. If she's so bothered about wasting money, why did we spend so
  much of it transporting those XXX when we moved? Because she was
  planning on selling them. Her pay-cut is just a convenient excuse.
  It's also worth pointing out that her pay-cut is again because of her
  self-imposed lockdown: I appreciate she thinks she's "keeping me
  safe", but my medical experts all seem to conclude that my risk
  doesn't warrant such extreme measures. Methinks it has more to do with
  her wanting to avoid going to work, because it's inconvenient for her.

If she's short of money, then I sympathise, but there are a couple of
points worth mentioning that somewhat blow her argument out of the
water:

* She has claimed repeatedly that she "doesn't need to work"; that her
  employment is to [erroneously] satisfy my need, as she has enough
  familial assets to do what she wants. How can these two things both be
  true? Maybe she doesn't have liquid assets, but then she shouldn't
  claim that she doesn't need to work because no one can live on "wealth
  on paper". I'm not even going to start on the nonsense that she works
  to satisfy my requirements.

* I have repeatedly said to her, for weeks, that if she can't afford to
  help with the monthly bills, then not to worry about it and pay what
  she can. It's true that she would have to take this on blind faith,
  but I both mean it and feel it would do a lot of good to our
  relationship if she were to see that I keep to this. Don't get me
  wrong, I still feel it's a bit disingenuous to prioritise XXX over
  bills -- and that, likewise, I would be in a lot of trouble if I were
  to prioritise hobbies over the bills, even when I have my higher
  salary -- but that's not a hill I'm going to die on.

Anyway, of course she wasn't happy with my (repeatedly stated to be
tentative) decision. She was even less happy when I pushed back, because
I couldn't understand her logic. Eventually I conceded, because I
couldn't be bothered to argue over something so trivial...but even that
wasn't enough. She just kept coming back, ignoring completely that I had
agreed to her demands. I got frustrated by this -- as anyone who isn't
listened to would -- and of course this caused things to spiral out of
control until she was apoplectic with rage. My bad for trying to stand
up for myself, I suppose. My bad for forgetting that I'm not allowed to
do things my way. My bad for getting involved with such a fucking
lunatic.

She only hears what she wants to hear; even when I'm trying to civilly
explain to her or even concede to her demands. As per usual, no one is
allowed to execute a dissenting opinion. She thinks it's my problem;
that I'm working myself up. No, I'm not. Anyone would be worked up by
someone with an attitude like hers. Where no one can win or lose a
disagreement with her: you either give up, or argue for the rest of
time. For the past few days, I've had a weird feeling in my core,
tension headaches and -- during these ridiculous fights -- the
precursors to full panic attacks because I just don't understand how
someone can be so angry and intransigent. She cannot listen or accept
that a person other than herself can both have a different opinion and
want their own say in things.

I said that maybe why she gets so angry is because she can't pick her
battles. I'm beginning to think she's actually mentally unwell;
schizophrenic or something. Obviously I'm sympathetic to that -- unlike
her when she claims I have dementia -- and the last thing I'm going to
do is suggest that, but it's not fair that I have to endure the brunt of
it. I'm doing my best to help. I can see that she is too, but she just
flies off the deep end so often, it undoes everything and then some. I
cannot live with her.

Her short-temper is the worst of it, of course, but I find her thoughts
increasingly estranged. To her, the most important thing in the world is
to pay off our mortgage (and buying XXX): Sure it's important, but not
at the expense of sacrificing ones life and enjoyment completely (she's
not even allowing the heating to be on, to save money!). She claims she
helped me out getting my new job: that's partly true, but she also did
plenty of things to get in the way and make things needlessly
complicated. Likewise with her dentist appointment; ditto for her COVID
rules, which are slowly killing us (e.g., no real exercise for 2 years,
let alone the mental health aspects). Then there's the whinging about
anything she can: the XXX -- now she's apparently a fan of XXX, which
she claims to be left-wing; you know XXX, the radio station famous for
XXX, XXX and anti-vaxxers alike -- not having the time to improve her
situation, when she actually has plenty of time if she weren't dicking
about; oh, and now I've got a remote job, she's already started hinting
at globe trotting and tax avoidance. Jesus.

When we finally went to bed, I was obviously down. On the day I got a
new, well-paid job, rather than being happy with my achievement -- the
recognition of my skills that I've craved -- I was obviously upset about
all the shit she put me through, just to satisfy her arbitrary rules.
She had the nerve to ask, "What's wrong?" What's wrong? After several
days of massive arguments over nothing, so she gets her own way; like an
emotional terrorist? What the fuck do you think is wrong!?
