Where do I begin?

I have a hard time writing these journal entries, because they take time
which I usually don't have. Also, my mood is such that I can't really be
bothered to write them most of the time; like I've given up. The only
time I actually want to write them is when XXX infuriates me;
fortunately it's rare that this coincides with me having time to write,
because then, whenever I do get a chance, what I write is (hopefully)
more measured.

So where do I begin?

I fucked up. Twice. I'm not completely responsible, but I'm not trying
to weasel out of it either.

Incident 1: My work paid me -- in fact, all its staff -- a big bonus
because of some commercial spin off. Because things had been getting
tense with XXX lately, no better than they were before we moved, or
before the conveyancing nightmare, I didn't tell XXX this and
"conspired" to use this windfall to refund my "rainy day account". Of
course, this goes against my pledge from last year of being open and
honest with XXX, to try to rebuild her trust in me. Honestly, that
didn't cross my mind at the time; I was just feeling trapped again and
wanted to reassure myself that I could "save myself", if I had to.

To compound to this, my aforementioned lack of motivation and general
busyness meant that I didn't get the opportunity to tuck it away before
questions starting arising. She figured out that I must have had more in
my bank account than I was letting on -- or that I had miscalculated
something -- and ultimately I cracked and told her. I lied to her a
couple of times first, to (inelegantly) try to cover myself, but it
didn't work and it only made me feel deceitful.

Had I have had the time to hide the money away, would I feel guilty?
Probably not. Lying to her, however, is over my line. One might not draw
a distinction between the two, but in my head they're separate. Lying is
dishonest. Protecting myself, with something that she would have never
have known about, because I fear for my future with her isn't great, but
it doesn't seem morally wrong to me; in the sense that she's in a
"throwing stones in glass houses" position.

Anyway, obviously this led, not to an argument per se, but severe upset
and, again, her insisting that she can't trust me. I get that and I do
only have myself to blame for this. I realise now that it has probably
set our relationship back yet again, but that wasn't my intention at the
time; I honestly didn't see it happening. I just wanted some agency in
my life, to protect myself from a perceived threat.

Ironically, my actions meant that, not only did I lose that financial
protection, I also lost all agency over that money. It's now sitting in
our joint account and I won't be able to touch it without her knowing.
It's just like that XXX/month she forced me to credit into that account.
I still don't understand the logic behind that. I had what can only be
described as a nervous breakdown when she was pressurising me to do so:
everything was telling me that this isn't right and something's amiss,
but it was either that or having to endure her fury.

So now I'm nothing again.

To try to make it up to her, now that I'm allowed to talk directly to
her after enough time has passed after my vaccine, I've tried being
closer and more open. It helped for about a week. The problem is that
this tactic enables her: she's been going on and on about her worries
and fears regarding the pandemic and our insane government's response
and works herself up out of proportion. For what it's worth, I largely
agree with everything she says about the handling of the situation --
it's terrible; criminal -- but for some reason, I find her diatribe
challenging to listen to. Maybe it's too invective, or too repetitive,
or too unpragmatic. It doesn't wind me up, but I just switch off and
that comes across as apathetic, which I'm not trying to be.

Anyway, while I tried, I feel the enabling encouraged her to get a bit
out of control. When she starts calling people Nazis or using loaded
terms like "propaganda" or even drawing parallels with gas chambers, it
irks me. Add to that her insufferable arrogance -- I find it very hard
to not roll my eyes skywards whenever she says, "she's very clever" --
and maybe you can see why it turns me off. The thing is, she takes it
too far and, despite her cleverness, often draws very odd conclusions.
For example:

* My school friend XXX tweeted about how the pandemic was humanity's
  fault. I don't know what he said exactly, but knowing him well, the
  only conclusion I can come to is that he's bemoaning our destruction
  of the environment and loss of biodiversity, which yields such
  problems. XXX however thought he was trying to deflect blame away from
  the government, that he was "one of them" and thus should be shunned.
  If I didn't know better -- which I don't necessarily -- that's classic
  gaslighting.

* A mutual acquaintance of ours turns out to be supportive of the
  government's measures and/or the government in general. That's fine;
  each to their own. However, XXX cannot abide contrarian views. All XXX
  supporters are "evil", "stupid", or both, in her opinion. My opinion
  is that people who vote XXX do so for their own self-interest. This
  was certainly XXX's motivation when she voted for them, but I dare not
  mentioned that.

* She's often incredibly patronising towards me, especially over
  cerebral deficiencies such as mental arithmetic and what she thinks is
  my terrible memory. Her "expert" opinion would be that I can't count
  and have (very) early onset dementia. Not at all. Not everyone is
  perfect. Her memory is not nearly as accurate as she thinks it is and
  she struggles to use a door key. I don't give her a hard time about
  that.

* She takes issue with XXX, who is planning on taking XXX to XXX. She
  thinks this is irresponsible. I don't have an opinion on this, but I
  don't think it's reasonable to judge someone's parenting choices when
  there's an element of doubt or ignorance involved. She's not a parent.
  What I understand from her is that if we had children, she would not
  let them out of her sight during this pandemic. She wouldn't even
  allow them to go to the park (accompanied) to play in the playground.
  I'm glad we don't have children.

* She has a chip on her shoulder about racism. She seems to jump to
  racism being the only motivation whenever a minority group is
  implicated -- good or bad -- by Caucasians (e.g., the XXX). Don't get
  me wrong, this is sometimes true, but not always. One shouldn't jump
  to that conclusion and effectively vilify all Caucasians. For someone
  so clever, this is a very blunt point of view. One could even say it
  was racist itself.

* She easily gets an upset stomach and has self-diagnosed herself as
  having IBD. Whenever this happens, she blames me for not cooking
  something thoroughly, or not checking the dates on food. This is my
  ego bruised now, which is perhaps impatient of me -- I should probably
  be more sympathetic to her illness -- but I go to a lot of trouble, as
  she knows, to make sure everything is cooked properly for her. What I
  find incredible is how often and how quickly she makes a remarkable
  recovery from these bouts! Food poisoning doesn't just come-and-go
  like that. Also, why has she never seen a professional about this?

Anyway, after about two weeks of this, I guess I grew less and less
patient. That brings us to incident 2...

We went out for a walk in XXX and it was really nice. We had a really
good day. Then we returned and I started making dinner. We spoke about
how good the day was and I mentioned something about XXX being in the
countryside (which it undeniably is). This changed the mood almost
instantly and I didn't understand why. It started a mini-argument where
XXX insisted XXX wasn't the countryside and that I must do the same.
Because it had been such a good day and I didn't want to spoil it, I
just dropped it and carried on with dinner.

Of course, the tension was still there and when we sat down to eat, XXX
came to talk to me about it. For reasons I don't understand, I snapped
at her. Then it escalated and escalated and escalated, for no good
reason besides misunderstanding, or mishearing or because it was
brutally hot and hard to concentrate. I don't want to make excuses, I
did wrong, ultimately with me shouting at her, pointing and calling her
a crazy person. I regret this deeply. I didn't want to hurt her, I was
just worked up and I got wound up so tightly that I went way too far.

I spent all night -- literally, we were still trying to talk about this
at 6am -- trying to, not "justify" my actions, but to at least try to
help her understand the context and why I was pushed so far. It didn't
really achieve anything. The next day (yesterday), after we got a token
amount of sleep, she left the flat without saying a word. I tried to
contact her to make sure she was safe, but she didn't respond. She saw
my message, so I just assumed she wanted space and so I waited for her.
She came back about an hour later, claiming that she was going to kill
herself, but ultimately couldn't and went to the park and called a
friend.

I struggle to understand why I snapped. I also struggle to connect me
innocently mentioning the countryside and it triggering her trauma from
the past. I struggle to justify how, after nearly 3 years, that such a
seemingly trivial slip-up could have resulted in this. She says she's
doing things to try to help her, but I don't know what and it's clearly
not working. I don't mean that dismissively. I'm genuinely worried about
her: I witnessed her trauma, so I can accept that, but it's hard for me
to lift it into our current lives; it's so remote from that now.

Now, two days after, we're barely on speaking terms. I feel terrible
because I never wanted to hurt her. She told me yesterday that the
reason it felt so bad for her is because it reminded her of the abuse
she received as a child. I couldn't have possibly known that, but that's
the last thing I wanted to rekindle. I still don't fully understand.
Suicide is another thing she bandies about like it's a trivial matter: I
can't tell how serious she is. I wanted to call for expert help, but she
told me not to and that it would make things worse. She said she would
have called her dad, for instance -- and that, if she had gone through
with it, he would hunt me down and take revenge -- that doesn't ring
true, to me. Not false, but something's amiss about that. Her friends
know bits and pieces, as well. Not that they shouldn't, but it's hard to
ascertain what version of the truth they're being told.

Part of my narrative for some time now is that she has become abusive
towards me, but I still see the good inside of her and endure it hoping
that it will change (or because I'm too weak to do anything else). I
don't do things like the above often -- hardly ever -- despite what XXX
may say. However, it makes me feel as though I'm just as bad; a
hypocrite. I don't know what to say. At least I admit to my failings and
try to make up for it.

I feel sad for her, for causing this pain and setting our relationship
back. Maybe I should mention it to her when she does the same to me, but
I feel it would be a waste of time as she won't believe me and it will
just prolong the fight. My gut is still screaming at me that something's
not right.
