**EDIT** This was deleted by the moderators on Reddit's r/relationships
because of their rules on discussing suicide. Before it was censored,
the few people who replied were unanimous -- albeit reductive -- in
calling our marriage out as abusive. I wanted more a more nuanced
opinion, so I've made some edits and have contacted my work's "mental
health first aiders".

---

It's perhaps worth mentioning that my wife and I are from different
cultures and, while that's certainly not a problem, it *may* explain
differences in opinion. To speak for myself: I'm quite stoic and
therefore don't hold grudges and forgive very easily (maybe too easily);
while I have opinions and values, I'm rather passive and easy to
influence; I *hate* conflict and confrontation and will actively avoid
it, even despite myself (which ranges from abstinence to secrecy). I
can't be objective about my wife, but I'd say she has a more developed
ego than me, so will unapologetically fight hard for herself (maybe too
hard); I believe she is prone to let any slight fester and has a very
short temper. We're both intelligent people, but she is definitely
cleverer than me and this shows in an argument.

What follows are details of our latest "incident", our two biggest,
perennial disagreements and a selection of smaller, but key issues. I've
tried to be brief and as objective as possible -- the last thing I want
is to rake her through the mud -- but bear in mind that there's a lot of
baggage and this is only my side of the story. My worry is that, due to
my nature and that I don't want to hurt her in any way, I'll do nothing
about this and continue to suffer in silence.

Thank you for your time.

---

## Health and COVID-19

The best place to start is the source of our latest tension.

Before the pandemic, if I were to visit the doctor or hospital, upon
returning I would have to go through her "decontamination process":
shoes off and sprayed; all clothes off and in the laundry; me straight
into the shower; surfaces in the car wiped down; if I touched anything
accidentally, I'm going to be in trouble. Ridiculous, but woe betide me
if I so much as peep an objection!

I have reason to go to the hospital regularly, but this process put me
off so much that I would either avoid going or go in secret, if I could.
Not that she actively prevented me, but I'm not prepared to put up with
that level of hypochondria and interference. Anyway, now imagine what
things are like when there's an actually infectious virus ravaging the
world!

The details aren't important. I'm not against precaution and I realise
she's trying to protect us; if this helps her feel "safe" then, whilst
the extremity is an ordeal, I don't have a huge problem with it. What I
*do* have a problem with is, when I was invited for vaccination in
mid-February, I was told that I couldn't get it until summer. My wife --
who, bear in mind, is not medically trained -- believes, amongst other
things, the risk to be too great to go right now. I even posted around
online, in aid of countering her argument, but proving a negative is
difficult.

"Why don't you just get it?", you may ask. Because I would have to
suffer the consequences: her "going crazy on me" (her words, not mine)
and, despite the low risk of her contracting the virus should I be
exposed, if that were to happen, my life would be made hell. I'm quite a
suggestible person and she has a strong character; what little identity
I have left would be permanently erased.

She's changed her narrative, recently. Now, "it's my responsibility"
(correct) and she "won't stand in my way" (excellent). However, it comes
with the same caveat on the consequences -- it's my fault if anything
bad happens -- so it doesn't amount to anything. To me, that's the
choice between the status quo or putting my hand in a blender, while she
conveniently shirks all culpability.

---

## My Parents and Family

Over the years, my wife has had limited interaction with my parents.
She's surprisingly shy amongst people she doesn't know and, while she's
made some effort to get to know them, it hasn't really worked out. My
dad, particularly, is quite an "interesting" character and, while they
certainly don't come to blows in the moment, this rubs her up the wrong
way.

This has been exacerbated by a number of instances where she has felt
offended by whatever he's said or done. I maintain that offence is
taken, rather than given, but that's not to dismiss her feelings; just
to try to put them in perspective. Given their lack of interaction, she
concludes that this ("bullying" or "harassment") is his normal
behaviour, but I see them -- knowing my dad far better -- as isolated
exceptions (not that it justifies them). Neither of us are necessarily
correct, but my dad is not a bully and she has come to hate him
regardless.

As such, any conversation that may involve him (or my mum or brother,
vicariously) will lead to a big fight. She takes *any* opinion I have of
my parents as defence of them and in direct affront to her. Sometimes I
actually agree with her -- there are things that are over the line --
but even that doesn't placate her. A consequence of this is that it's
very hard for me to even talk to my parents, let alone see them, without
risking a fight. If they call me, I immediately become very guarded and
anxious.

It's got worse in the meantime, but one instance of this that's worth
mentioning is when, a few years ago, my grandma wasn't given much time
left. I wanted to see her, but that would have involved staying at my
parents'. Just to be clear, my wife did not prevent me from seeing her
-- and I've never told her this -- but given the circumstances, I didn't
want to also have to manage my wife's indignation. I never got to see my
grandma again before she died and I'll never forgive myself for that.

Anyway, her argument is that I should step in as a middleman to try to
smooth things out between her and my dad. I've always been hesitant to
do this because I don't want to risk jeopardising my relationship with
either party. However, I was ultimately pushed to do so, because of her
deteriorating state (i.e., not under my terms): fortunately, I didn't
burn bridges with my parents, but I don't think I solved anything for my
wife. My argument has always been that her response is disproportionate.
Again, that's not to belittle her feelings: she's entitled to not like
my dad, but I'm not sure hatred or division are ever valid.

---

## Where we Live and How to Pay for It

Where we live has always been a problem. While I grew up in a large
town, the area was in the countryside; my wife is from a huge city. She
came to live in the XXX with me, but wanted to regardless. After many
disagreements we sought the compromise of a small city with a lot going
on, but we couldn't afford it. We ended up in a nearby village, which
neither of us wanted. It was during a stressful time for my wife and --
because she can't drive and public transport was spotty -- the isolation
"broke her". She now insists that, if we have to live in the XXX (which
she is now far less enamoured with), we can only live in XXX.

I do not like living in a large city, so doing so is a concession on my
part; one I'm willing to make because I don't want my wife to suffer.
Still, not only am I giving up convenient access to the countryside, but
my job is still near that small city: outside of the pandemic, it's a 3
hour commute each day. I *may* be able to make alternative arrangements,
but should I have to? That notwithstanding, for the places we've looked
at -- which are as middle a ground as we can get in XXX -- she claims
that this must therefore cancel out my concessions such that hers
outweigh them; suggesting I must make more (i.e., my job) for parity's
sake.

These kinds of mental gymnastics are tiresome at best. Trying to find
somewhere to settle down is bound to involve compromise on both sides --
which should be equal enough -- but at the moment it feels like a
hostage negotiation. It's only going to cause resentment from one side
or the other (or both), which is only exacerbated by the ridiculously
high cost of living in XXX.

"If you can't afford the small city, how can you afford XXX?" is the
obvious question. In the meantime, we agreed with each other to ask our
parents for help; *more* help, as they had already helped once. This
didn't sit well with me, because it's not my parents' responsibility; I
was therefore able to convince her to manage her expectations. However,
this is where our backgrounds differ: My wife was able to secure a huge
amount of money from her parents (it's hers or theirs, depending on the
argument); whereas, while mine initially thought they could contribute,
it turned out otherwise.

I am absolutely fine with this and, regarding my in-laws, I cannot
express how appreciative I am of their support. If anything, it's far
too much. My wife has a different opinion. If the state from the
previous section wasn't bad enough, my parents are now personae non
gratae with her: liars, con-artists, you name it. It's true that the
bargaining power has now vastly tipped in her favour, but she's
effectively holding my family to ransom. She says it's "for us", but I
don't want to live in XXX and I certainly don't want to be estranged
from my parents; that money is *for her* to accomplish *her goal*.

---

## Miscellany

* Recently, she has started grabbing my crotch; usually at very
  inappropriate times. She doesn't do it too hard, but it can hurt.
  Obviously that's not the point. When I told her I didn't like it and
  asked her to stop, she did (begrudgingly) and instead changed to
  asking me whether she can "boop" it. Again, this makes me feel like a
  toy and disrespected, so I say "No." Apparently that's a problem. She
  says that because that's not her intention -- which was just to "send
  signals" -- that my feeling is invalid and thus there's no problem. Am
  I going crazy here? "No means no" applies to everyone, right? I don't
  need a logically justifiable reason to prevent her from doing what she
  wants with me. While she's stopped for now, she's never apologised
  and, at the time, got increasingly antagonistic when I pushed back.

* I used to be an interesting person. I was athletic and had established
  hobbies. I don't have these any more; I'm hollowed-out, a husk of my
  former self. I'm not blaming her for this, maybe it happens to a lot
  of people when they "settle down", but I feel like I have little
  agency in my life. The reason I mention it is because when we have
  different opinions, mine are often shot down. I believe dissenting
  opinions can coexist and be equally valid; I don't think she does. A
  particularly egregious example of this is that she wouldn't let me
  vote for the party I wanted, because their policy was at odds with her
  interests. In the end, I told her I wouldn't vote, but voted in secret
  nonetheless.

* Use of money is a big issue for her, especially now she has acquired
  the large contribution for our future living arrangements. She claims
  she doesn't have to work and, yes, if she doesn't want to, then I'm
  certainly not stopping her. However, any disposable income I make must
  be siphoned into the house fund; whereas she is free to spend hers on
  whatever she likes. I do see the logic in her argument and, in
  principle, I want things to be fair -- I'm very uncomfortable with the
  massive imbalance -- but when she has an enormous go at me for buying
  my brother a small Christmas present, for example, that's a step too
  far. It's like she's economically checkmated me simply by virtue of
  her family being wealthier than mine.

* She accuses me of being distant, spending much of my time glued to my
  phone. This is a result of her being distant with me: she spends an
  order of magnitude (no exaggeration) more time on her phone, or locked
  away in the bathroom, or otherwise not listening to me (or, worse,
  pretending to listen). I realise this is a "chicken and egg" situation
  -- in that we're both culpable and fuelling each other -- but it's not
  fair to single me out for this.

* Her sleep schedule is completely messed up: she'll usually go to bed
  somewhere between 3 and 4am. Her job is flexible enough that she can
  often sleep in 'til lunchtime, but not always. I don't think she gets
  enough. My job is much less flexible, so I have to get up by 10am; but
  I'm often kept awake or awoken when she goes to bed. I definitely
  don't get enough sleep and that impairs my already limited ability to
  stand up for myself.

* The division of household labour is so trivial that I find whinging
  about it indefensible. I do most things and I'm OK with that; I have
  done so for years and am better at minimising work for myself. What I
  don't like is when I'm told to do something, when she's perfectly
  capable of doing it herself; when, a lot of the time, it would be less
  effort to do it herself than to tell me to do so!

* We've been married for over XXX years and this "rough patch" started
  around XXX for various reasons. Since then, I have suggested marriage
  counselling and brought it back up, in the meantime, whenever things
  get particularly bad. Until very recently, every time she dismisses it
  as something that will either "not solve our problems" or "is a waste
  of money". My understanding is that counselling helps people help
  themselves, rather than fixing; surely that's worth a shot? She's
  become less stubborn about this recently, but nothing's happened yet.

* Both of us have struggled with our mental health, to the point that
  we've each considered suicide in the past. The pandemic isn't helping,
  but I think I've got myself under control, despite her; she isn't
  coping as well, but I don't think she's a danger to herself. That
  said, if an argument gets really bad, she can start threatening
  suicide. Just to reiterate, I'm not convinced she's serious, but
  there's enough room for doubt that I'm not taking any chances. This
  puts an awful lot of stress upon me: I obviously don't want any harm
  to come to her, nor "blood on my hands" as she puts it, but I'm not
  equipped to deal with this. To use it as an ultimatum seems morally
  ambiguous.

---

# Reddit-Specific Parts (Edited Out)

**Title** I [XXX] do not understand my wife's [XXX] hostility when I try
to assert myself

    XXX

**Bio** XXX

**tl;dr** While we mostly get along, my wife and I have disagreements
that often erupt into catastrophic fights; nothing physical, but still
emotionally devastating. The frequency and severity of these appear to
coincide with me increasingly pushing back and standing up for myself --
something I've always struggled with -- and that raises numerous red
flags. I don't expect to always get my way, nor does she hers, but she
should respect my boundaries as I try to hers. While I think it sets a
dangerous precedent, should I concede to loosening my values to
accommodate more of hers? "Pick your battles" sure, but that's looking
more-and-more like "just agree to everything", which doesn't sound
right.
