There are a few things I forgot to document, yesterday.

I think the reason why she gets so angry -- with me, or anyone who
"wrongs" her -- is because she doesn't know how to pick her battles;
everything is a battle to her, even the slightest infraction. Of course,
she can do this if she pleases, but good luck with your blood pressure
or endearing yourself to those around you. Not everything needs to be a
fight, in my opinion. I'm not great at picking my battles -- which is
why I get roped into these stupid arguments now and again -- but I can
at least see the problem.

On a completely different note, I noticed a few weeks ago how much
weight XXX has put on. That's not to sound superficial: if that's what
she wants, then so be it. However, I'm pretty sure it's a consequence of
her underlying mood and that she's, as a result, snacking without much
constraint. I don't think it is what she wants, but I can't bring the
topic up: she'll get completely the wrong idea and it'll cause massive
tension, if not a full blown fight.

This is me, in a nutshell: I can't deal with her antagonism. It makes me
stressed and can potentially cause me anxiety attacks (it's happened
before). That's why I always submit, at least on the face of things.
Underlyingly, you can imagine the resentment that festers.

So here I am: arranging job interviews -- because she wants me to work
remotely -- around trivialities like her deliveries; or avoiding getting
a blood test, even though I'm medically advised to do so, because it's
inconvenient or too high a risk (to her). You couldn't make this shit
up.
