Yesterday I went for my second coronavirus shot. I was planning on
staging a coup: Having not been allowed out of the house alone for over
a year -- apart from for the first shot -- I stowed away my credit card
and a XXX note. There's a shop right by the vaccination centre and I
just wanted some autonomy, rather than feeling imprisoned or constantly
watched. Unfortunately, the normal parking area for the centre was full,
so I had to park right outside the shop; I would never have gotten away
with my coup. Actually, she was so absorbed with her phone while waiting
for me, that's not necessarily true, but that's too big a risk for me!

Why am I imprisoned or feel constantly watched? The same issue as
always, when it comes to healthcare, but an order-of-magnitude worse
because there's a pandemic. It's done in the name of "protection";
"better safe, than sorry", she says. There is _some_ evidence that my
condition makes me more susceptible to the virus and that the vaccine
won't work as well for me. However, the evidence that justifies me
washing my hands every time I open the fridge, for example, is pretty
inconclusive. I understand there's a risk and that the stakes are high.
I can see that the risk is potentially higher for me, but I cannot
quantify it. Nor can I compare it with other risks and impacts, such as
that from cabin fever, or lack of sunlight, exercise and good nutrition,
or being cooped up with someone whose attitude has become increasingly
disagreeable.

After having my shot, I'm not allowed to face her while talking for a
few days, just in case I managed to get coronavirus while wearing an N95
*and* a visor. However, it's still fine for me to make her dinner at her
beck-and-call, wash up after her and deal with her never-ending stream
of deliveries. To be fair, she does the laundry; I'm not complaining
here about division of household labour. It's the expectancy of me to do
as she asks, whenever and without question. For example, I have to check
with her whenever I order something, in case it comes on a day that will
wake her up; whereas her deliveries can come whenever and it doesn't
matter if they wake me up.

I haven't written one of these journal entries for a long time, because
they seem redundant. I'm not going to change and she's not going to
change. However, recently, things have just become worse and worse and I
need to write things down; as insurance, if anything.

We've bought our own place. The conveyancing process was a nightmare --
more so than it usually is -- and that took a toll on our mental health.
My view is that she can't deal with high-stakes deadlines; she becomes
impatient and seems to want to control the situation, but cannot. This
makes her stressed. That, in turn, makes me stressed, because she
becomes irritable and short-tempered...and guess who's often in the
firing line. I honestly believe that buying our own place now is a
mistake; and I said as much several times throughout the process, to
deaf ears. Our relationship is in such a poor state, the burden of such
a huge asset is going to be a liability. Not least because of the
funding arrangement: We got a XXX, such that she has something legally
binding that says she owns more of the flat that I do, because of her
disproportionate input. In the meanwhile, I *have* to move XXX a month
into our joint savings, while she spends her money on whatever she
pleases, and my parents are never allowed to visit -- pandemic, or
otherwise -- because they (quite reasonably) can't afford to help us any
more than they already have.

Our new place is nice, even if it's in XXX and therefore ridiculously
expensive for what it is. For about a week -- maybe two -- that
honeymoon period took the edge off. It didn't last of course. Our first
big fight was because I was using hand moisturiser -- my hands are
fucked after being forced to wear gloves, last year, which I turned out
to be allergic to -- and her claim that it would make my skin worse. She
claimed I was remembering the sequence of events, from last year when my
hands were particularly bad, incorrectly. I don't think so: I am acutely
aware of the state of my hands, but even if I were wrong, accusing me of
having a terrible memory, or "dementia" even, is pretty low. If that
were true, surely that's cause for concern, rather than a good reason to
attack me?

Then came the massive fight. I wasn't even trying to argue or disagree
with her, I was just expressing my opinion. My opinion didn't align with
hers, as is often the case, but I wasn't pushing it. She assumed an
argument would breakout and, of course, it did. Only because she failed
to acknowledge what I was trying to say. Don't get me wrong, I said some
bad things too -- out of anger -- which obviously exacerbated the
situation, but it should have never got that far in the first place. She
still doesn't hear me: I feel constantly belittled or undermined by her;
it feels like it's always her opinion that wins and whenever I have a
dissenting view, it's either flight-or-fight (that is, give up on my
opinions, or expect an argument in which I'll ultimately capitulate).
She may not be trying to do this actively, but how can anyone not see
that her actions are so deleterious? And when things get particularly
tense, she brings out the "big guns": That I forced her to get a job;
that I forced her to do a PhD; that my parents hate her. That she's the
victim. These are all untrue. The only victim she is is to herself and
we all have to suffer the consequences.

Don't get me wrong, I'm not perfect. I'm aloof and prone to depression
and anxiety. After over a decade of this crap, I barely care about
anything any more. There's no point getting excited or enthusiastic
about something, if it's just a matter of time before its undermined.
She might argue that that would be the case with her, or without. I am
not convinced. She's a bully. A controlling, abusive, coercive bully.
