I've been meaning to write this all week, but haven't had time to get
around to it.

Last Saturday, XXX went to the dentist. Because she's paranoid about
COVID, she's keeping her distance from me for her arbitrary 11 days, or
whatever nonsense it is. She originally considered sleeping in a
different room, but that didn't happen; just as well, because I can't be
bothered to move her bed. I was hoping that would mean 11 days of peace;
how naive I am. Instead I'm just at her beck-and-call even more than
usual. Whatever.

The great thing about this was that, even though it was really early on
Saturday morning, I was free. I mean, technically, I wasn't allowed to
do anything, but she can't stop me and she'll never know. I went to the
supermarket and bought chocolate and ate it, with a big smile on my
face. I went to a fruit seller and bought an apple -- the first apple
I've had in nearly two years -- and ate it. I wore my mask, because
that's a reasonable precaution, but 45 minutes of freedom with none of
her stupid bullshit. Even if I was stuck in XXX, it was such a treat.

Of course, as I say, it hasn't lasted. Ever since, despite avoiding me,
she's been in a "resting bitch face" state. I think that's the
expression. Very grumpy and quick to anger (quicker than usual). By in
large, I've kept this under control and it's just been a stressful week.
However, today she finally blew up over some trivial nonsense (I ordered
some squash, apparently that breaks her ridiculous quarantine rules). I
don't really care any more; she's full of shit and is effectively
imprisoning me due to her own neurosis.

Whatever.

On the plus side, I'm getting further with my potential new job. I
believe I have an offer; I don't quite know what it is yet. That'll
solve the remote working problem. Although, I still need to have my
blood tested -- because it's a medically sound thing to do -- but I
fully suspect that XXX will deny me this over some retarded grounds.
Maybe I should just get in the car and drive to the blood place and deal
with the fallout. I'm not sure I could cope with that, though.

Fuck her.

Also, XXX, XXX and XXX have COVID :( Last I heard, XXX's lost his senses
of taste and smell. I hope they're spared the worst of it and it hasn't
spread to XXX and XXX. I wish there was more I could do to help them.
