I have had enough of this and it's got to stop. However, I have very
little room to manoeuvre, so I have to be efficient with what I have.
It's clear that XXX doesn't love me -- at least in the sense that I
understand it -- she only "loves" what I do for her, so she doesn't have
to do it herself. It's clear that she cannot control her anger and that
there's a significant amount of gaslighting going on.

To be upfront, I'm not saying that I hate her, nor am I "declaring war"
on her, or prepared to use the same techniques she uses against me on
her. I'm not going to stoop to her level. I'm not trying to hurt or
attack her; I'm merely trying to defend myself, to stop losing any more
of myself before there's nothing left.

This is particular true, at the moment: she can't get home easily,
because of COVID and, now, the war in Ukraine makes it even harder. I
don't want to actively put her into an awkward position; that is not my
intention. (That said, a part of me wants to secretly cancel my life
insurance so that, in the incredibly unlikely event of me dying in the
next 20 years, all the economic abuse she's put me through would be
reflected back on her. I'm not going to do that, though; even though the
most likely cause for my death in the immediate future would be her!)

Let's focus on the economic abuse. To be clear, this is not because I'm
a transactional person, nor do I particularly care about money, it's
just particularly easy to quantify. When I say I don't care about money,
what I mean is that what's import to me here is the unfairness and her
coercion over how I spend the money that I earn against the double
standard over hers.

For the past three months, I have been responsible for the overpayments
to our mortgage. Some of that is the remainder of my salary, once all
the bills are paid -- so I net zero each month -- and it's topped up
with the money in our joint account. I've been paying XXX a month into
our joint account since November 2020; she pays nothing into our joint
account. So I think it's more than fair to say that I alone am
contributing to the overpayments; XXX per month, so far, which is XXX
after just three months.

I've not brought this unfairness up because XXX would instantly jump to
the XXX her family paid into our deposit. While that's true, let's not
forget that, because of this, she legally owns more of the place than I
do. XXX should shift that balance by about XXX; it's not much, but no
word has been mentioned about adjusting the XXX. (Obviously it would be
expensive to change this every time I overpay, but I think it's not
unreasonable for the discussion to be had. At this rate, I will be even
with her -- presuming we take that XXX contribution as reasonable...more
on that later -- in about XXX years.)

Another reason I haven't brought this up is that she would plead
poverty. She claims that after paying her half of the mortgage, she
doesn't have much to spend on XXX each month. Apparently she has to
spend money on XXX in order to not go crazy. (Maybe I should establish
some expensive hobby and make the same argument. Good luck with that!)
However, this is clearly bullshit. Our monthly mortgage payments are
currently around XXX each. As I say, I pay all the other bills, so to be
able for her to cover this, she would need a salary of just XXX. Her
salary is way more than that; even after removing her XXX and reducing
to a four day week. I think, when she started, she had a salary in the
XXX: She claims XXX to be a XXX cut, and a 4 day week is obviously 80%.
That means her salary is at least XXX/year. The XXX pension contribution
at that band is XXX, which means her monthly take home pay should be at
least XXX. That gives her over XXX a month that she's squirrelling away
somewhere (and partly spending on XXX).

So she's able to save XXX/month, while I net zero. (Actually, only in
the last month did I net zero, because I put my foot down. In previous
months, I spent more than I earnt, eating into my savings.) Let's also
not forget the XXX cash rebate that XXX gave us when we bought our
place. Some of that XXX was spent on conveyancing, moving and the
furniture that XXX insisted we needed. However, that's around the XXX
mark; XXX then claims that something like XXX is owed to her parents. If
we accept all that, there's still XXX unaccounted for; it's sitting in
her savings. For someone who is very keen on paying the mortgage as
quickly as possible with overpayment, it seems odd to keep so much money
in reserve. She could argue that I squirrelled away money in the past,
for a rainy day, and kept it from her, so why can't she do the same?
That would be a good argument, if it weren't for the fact that:

* The money from XXX is definitely our money, not hers. She can have
  half of it, if she wants to squirrel it away.

* She gave me an incredibly hard time about it when she found out about
  my "rainy day money". I don't think the hypocrisy is fair, to say the
  least!

Now let's talk about that bloody XXX. Not that it's unappreciated, but
because it's caused so many arguments and bad blood; just so she can
live where she wants to live (if she "must" live in XXX). Anyway, since
we've been together, we've almost always paid half the rent/mortgage
each. However, for much of that time, all the bills have been my
responsibility. (Except for two years between November 2019 and November
2021, where we shared the food bill. However, let's not forget that from
when we moved into XXX to the start of the pandemic, we ate out almost
every day -- despite my better judgement -- which was very expensive.
Again, an odd strategy for someone who wants to save everything to go
into property.) Currently, food and bills are about XXX/month. It's hard
to estimate bills, because they're dependant on where we were living at
the time; but I remember in XXX, food was about half as expensive. As
such, I don't think it's unreasonable, adjusting for inflation, to
underestimate our monthly expenses to around XXX (and bills, sans food,
for those two years at maybe XXX). So, 2011 to 2019 at XXX/month, plus
2019 to 2021 at XXX/month, comes to XXX. Of course, she'd argue that I
would have had to have paid that regardless of her. True, except for
half the food and I think I can live much more cheaply than XXX/month,
but that's not the point. The point is that, while I'm not at that magic
XXX figure, my personal financial contributions to our lifestyle come
pretty close and it won't be long until they match and exceed it.

Like I said before, there is some kind of elaborate scam going on here.
I'm not being paranoid or delusional; the numbers don't lie. I don't
enter into this willingly: my gut knows something's not right, but I
also know that there will be consequences if I protest. As such, I
remain silent and comply in duress.

Now what am I to do to protect myself? There's very little I can do in
the real world: I'm trapped in our flat and moving money around leaves a
trail that XXX is good at seeing discrepancies in. It's hard for me to
talk to friends or family freely for the same reasons: I have very
little time to myself and doing so without alerting her suspicions is
difficult. So what do I do?

I've noticed that while XXX is very good as assimilating spoken and
written information and deducing its consequences, she is very
unobservant when it comes to her other senses. I can get away with
relaxed versions of her stupid rules and quarantine procedures as long
as she doesn't see me. (I remember, in XXX, I once baked a batch of
brownies while she sat right in front of me without even noticing. The
smell nor the extra time it took to make dinner didn't register.) She
often engrosses herself in her phone, XXX or locked away in the
bathroom; these are my opportunities and I should make the most of them.
That plays to my strengths. I also need to put up a firewall when it
comes to her strengths: I can control what information I give her. I
don't want to lie, but I can avoid telling her anything; just because
it's so often misunderstood or used against me. When she's bitching
about COVID, or XXX, or some conspiracy theory against the XXX or XXX,
I can just say the minimal I need to acknowledge her bullshit and move
the conversation along. Likewise, for example with her stupid XXX that
I'm told to XXX whenever she can't find other XXX: While I'll have to
comply, I don't have to actually try; I can XXX so half-arsedly that
maybe, in time, she'll avoid asking me to XXX altogether.

This may come across as malicious, but as I say, I need to protect
myself now. I can't take much more of her bullshit. I don't care if it
drives her away. I'd rather be free.
