Yesterday was my birthday. A traditionally disappointing day. However,
by the end of the day, I was left feeling confused. I'd had a pretty
good day and XXX seemed to be in high spirits. I was thinking of writing
an entry today saying as much; perhaps even going so far as saying how I
can still see the good person in her.

Of course, it was all too good to be true. That's not a good outcome,
but to stay positive, at least I wasn't misled or confused for too long.

Apparently I made a mistake, that was discovered late in the night. The
jury is still out on whether I actually made a mistake or not, but
that's actually immaterial. Of course, this triggered XXX, which led to
me trying to explain and then help solve her "problem". This obviously
didn't help and she continued to spiral until I started answering back;
that's never a good idea, but I'm not a saint. There's only so much
bullshit I can take.

Anyway, as I say, the argument -- while pretty horrific and enough to
completely ruin the day -- is not that important. What eventually
transpired was that XXX was so frustrated with all her "effort" going to
waste in trying to allow me to have a good day and not doing the things
she wanted to do. Effort? We went to the zoo; that was her idea. While
we were there, she had a good idea about the order in which we should
see things. As far as I'm aware, that's the sum total of her "effort".
Did she drive us there and back? No. Did she pay for entry? No. When we
returned, did she cook dinner and clean up for us? No. We watched TV in
what remained of the evening; was that my idea? No. Did I insist we do
any of these things? No. Did she ask, or even hint at wanting to do her
own thing for a few hours? No.

While I would have preferred to do something that we both enjoyed
together, for my birthday, I would not have begrudged her asking for
time to herself. I never for a second suggested I wanted to get my way
or not consider her. Now, let's compare this with her birthday.

I don't remember who suggested it, but I acquiesced to cooking (and
cleaning up) her favourite meal for her birthday. I say "acquiesced"
because her favourite meal takes three hours to put together. Did I
complain? No. I then took two days off work for her, to create a long
weekend and matching her leave, so that we could do "anything she
wanted". I encouraged her to do these things, because I wanted her to
have a good birthday. That included XXX, going to where she wanted for a
walk, etc. If I remember correctly, we didn't do as much as I was
expecting, but that's because she didn't want to, not because I refused.
I was happy and willing to do all this, with no expectation of anything
is return. That's what spouses do for each other; especially on their
birthdays.

For my birthday: she did things -- not much, let's be honest -- because
she felt she had to and, it sounds, resented me for it. That's not the
mark of a spouse. That's the mark of a narcissistic vampire.
