I haven't written an entry for some time. Largely because my previous
work laptop was "quarantined", once it was donated to me; thereafter,
I've had little inclination to set it up. However, I'm not OK and so I
need to write things down.

My new job started. Everyone there is really nice, but I can't say I
like it. I've never enjoyed what I do and more of the same is,
unsurprisingly, no different. It's true that it's more technically
interesting, but that's (quite reasonably) denied from me from lack of
experience; instead I do the parts of my previous job that I least enjoy
and even that feels over my head. I'm surrounded by people who are in
their 20s, who are genuinely faster and better; I try to step up, but
it's hard and that's very stressful. It keeps me awake at night, wakes
me up early in the morning and generally fills me with a sense of dread
and despair. My anxiety is through the roof.

I really think they made a mistake hiring me. I would love to fit in and
I keep trying to tell myself that it's a great opportunity to learn and
to grow, that I'm paid so much more -- although this is more of a
trapping than a blessing -- or that I haven't been there long enough to
judge. All these things are true, but I don't want this life. My last
job may have become boring, but at least it was stable; I wasn't
respected by who mattered, but I was respected by my peers. I hate that
I was forced out and now have to start anew.

As always, I don't have any quality time outside of work to do what I
enjoy; I'm either too tired or don't want to sit in front of a computer
screen any longer. Forget about learning/trying things that would make
my job more interesting, or would allow me to pivot towards something I
might enjoy more, or even something I could revel in to take the edge
off. Nothing's changed regarding the pandemic; I still can't go out
alone. In fact, it's worse now: without life assurance from my employer,
XXX will not allow us to drive anywhere -- it's too high risk, in her
opinion -- until I've sorted out private life insurance. Guess how well
that's going? Of course, any amount of reason just ends in argument.

Speak of the devil. XXX has decided that she can no longer work; that
it's too stressful for her, because her employer keeps "threatening"
needs for her to come into the office. (Let's not forget that she
insists on locking ourselves away out of some faux concern for my
well-being. Maybe I'm being harsh, but I think it's more likely that she
just doesn't want to get up in the morning, commute and then not get
away with slacking off half the time.) Anyway, she handed in her
resignation and -- as far as I can tell -- has gone completely AWOL. Of
course, when I suggested taking a few days unpaid leave between jobs, as
is common, I was given such a hard time, but apparently it's fine for
her to quit altogether, burn her bridges in the meantime and I can't say
a thing.

To be honest, I cannot understand her thought process. She has claimed
in the past, repeatedly, that she doesn't need the money, so why work at
all? However, she has no liquidity and, as she's looking for other jobs,
obviously wants to do something -- which is totally reasonable -- but
then, when I suggested the exact same thing, many years ago, I was (and
will forever be condemned of) "forcing her to work". She's full of shit!
Now can we survive on my higher salary alone? Probably -- although I
doubt she will curtail her spending habits -- but I do not want to carry
that burden, let alone with a job that's killing me.

Otherwise, with her, it's the same old nonsense: hoarding, but only when
things are on sale (unless it's food and then anything goes); constantly
snacking before, during and after meals (why do I bother going to so
much trouble making nice food for us?); practically living in the
bathroom, claiming to have XXX (why she never thought to get it seen to
in the last 10 years is anyone's guess); making me wait for her, bored
and alone; washing her hands to within an inch of their lives,
disinfecting that would make Howard Hughes blush; token efforts of help
around the house, but mostly just XXX XXX XXX. I don't understand why
she insists on living life in hard mode and dragging me down with her,
with a coven of provocateurs cackling her defence. Despite this -- and
despite feeling like I'm living in some kind of elaborate scam where I
do and pay for almost everything and she just plays XXX -- she's been
nice, provided I don't question anything she says, criticise or voice an
opinion. She's my captor; a gulag jailer with a furious temper, filled
with aggression, rage and hatred, with no tolerance for dissent.

So there's no way out. COVID will probably become endemic, while my
condition won't change and nor will her perception of my risk. She
doesn't trust the government (fair enough), nor the media (fair enough),
nor my doctors and specialists (questionable), so what hope do I have?
I'm imprisoned. Indentured. Trapped. I'll never be able to see my
parents or family again, while my allergic hands, from those bloody
gloves -- another one of her stupid ideas -- slowly drive me crazy. I'm
still wracked with guilt over XXX -- I miss him so much -- and now, to
top it all, I have the stress and existential crisis of a job that's way
too much for me. I am profoundly unhappy.

All I'm good for is playing the needy victim, which just makes things
worse and worse; so much wasted potential from mental illness.

I just want to go home :(

EDIT: Apparently she's rescinded her resignation and has arranged to
work part-time, four days a week; for now, at least. However, I'm still
paying for everything:

* Half the mortgage;
* XXX a month into our joint account (she pays nothing into this);
* Currently XXX a month into mortgage overpayments (she is not adding to
  this, besides from our joint account which I furnish);
* All the bills (we used to share the food bill, but I'm apparently
  paying all of this now).

Of course, I can't bring this up without risking a massive argument that
I will ultimately just shy away from and lose. She'd probably bring up
her XXX down-payment on the house -- which I don't think will ever feel
like home -- and that I'll forever be in her debt, whether I like it or
not. Like I said, an "elaborate scam"...
