I haven't written anything for ages. It almost seems pointless to do so.

XXX got a new job. The amount of trouble it took I had almost completely
repressed. Everything had to revolve around her interviews and she was
so easily triggered throughout the process; it beggared belief. Of
course, when I was interviewing a year ago, everything still had to
revolve around her. Figures.

Anyway, she got the damn job and at least that stops her constant
moaning about working for XXX. Of course, you would barely know: She has
some "blitz" days of work, but seems to spend most of her time either in
bed or in the bathroom. That's no exaggeration: She works XXX hours, so
can justify her messed up sleep cycle and, as for the bathroom, it's
just ridiculous. At least four visits of over an hour each -- they can
be as long as three! -- _every_ day. As far as I can tell, all she's
doing in there is playing on her phone. Her decade-old excuse of having
XXX doesn't really carry much credibility any more.

Her economic abuse continues. To date:

* I have paid XXX in overpayments to our mortgage. She has paid XXX;
  less than 1%. As discussed, she made a considerable contribution to
  the deposit -- about 4x my current overpayment total -- _but_ she has
  a legal document making her the beneficiary of that contribution. The
  ratio has not shifted towards 50-50 with my overpayments, nor has it
  even been discussed.

* I still pay XXX per month into our joint account. I thought I had
  written down the reason, but I cannot find it now: For the record, XXX
  believes that, because I made more money than she did at the time, it
  was fair for me to save more of my earnings to balance out her income.
  Meanwhile, she spends her earnings on whatever she likes. This is such
  a bullshit reason. However, now she earns the same as I do. Of course,
  there's been no discussion of ceasing these payments.

* So every month, my earnings are pared back to net zero. Everything I
  earn goes on bills and overpayments. Meanwhile, she is making as much
  as I am, but her money goes... Who knows? She said she starting
  investing it to try to offset the energy cost increase. Investing in
  fossil fuel companies. I didn't say anything, but my stomach turned
  when she mentioned this. She can invest in what she wants, but I want
  no part of it. I guess these parasites deserve each other.

* As outlined in a previous entry, if you add up all the bills I've paid
  over the past XXX years, it probably comes pretty close to her deposit
  contribution. Her argument is that I would have paid that anyway, were
  I living alone. It's convenient that it doesn't occur to her that she
  would have paid her deposit too, if she were living alone.

* She gave me a really hard time about paying her back for her birthday
  present, which she chose herself. She then pressured me to choose a
  birthday present for myself. Given last year's episode, I chose
  something cheap. Guess who paid for it? She says she's also got a
  surprise for me. That's nice...but I also paid for that, whatever it
  is. It's not really a birthday present if you pay for it yourself.

Again, I don't really like talking about money. It's just easy to
quantify and the injustice is _so_ black and white. Does she think I'm
stupid!? I guess I am for allowing this to happen, but I do so under
extreme duress. I actually wouldn't mind dumping all my earnings into
the mortgage, if the XXX ratio change was transparent, or if she did the
same. After all, what I really care about is not money, but the
unfairness and her constant threat of aggression.

Her COVID measures seem to be getting worse, even when COVID appears to
be on the downturn. She washes her hands so much, for minutes at a time.
Sometimes spontaneously, for no apparent reason. Our water bill is
crazy! Of course, I'm not allowed to touch anything of hers. The rage
fit that followed when I fetched her XXX, for example, was incredible.
Anything that we both touch (e.g., the window handle), she'll usually
get me to do; if she's forced to, she'll wear gloves. I think she's
genuinely developed OCD. Of course, she wouldn't agree or even
condescend to listen.

Her other COVID measures haven't reduced either. We're still imprisoned
in our own "home". Scare quotes are right: I don't even have my own key!
Anything from outside is "contaminated". Forget about going out alone,
meeting people or returning to normal. (It's all theatre, of course: our
masks went out of date months ago!) Anyway, part of the reason I'm
compelled to write this entry is that this doesn't make me feel safe.
What happens if I have a medical problem? I genuinely think XXX would
let me suffer or worse.

For example: forgetting about my skin allergy -- which is basically her
fault -- for a second, I now have an ingrowing toenail. I've had it for
nearly a year. It's not getting better, but I am able to manage it. If
it were up to me, I would have gone straight to a podiatrist a year ago.
Seeing my XXX or getting a blood test is basically a non-starter. Like I
say, God help me if anything worse befalls me.

What can I do? She is completely intransigent to reason. Her narcissism
is through the roof and I can't do anything about it. Estranging myself
was the right thing to do -- even though I'm not great at it -- as it
insulates me from much of her bullshit, but I'm so lonely. If she's not
shouting or snapping at me:

* She's either working, sleeping, in the bathroom, or XXX with her
  friends. This accounts for the vast majority of time. It's not
  dissimilar to when she was doing her XXX: working and XXX all the
  time. This time, however, I welcome the alienation, despite its
  drawbacks; there's no hope left for us. The only real reasons I stick
  around, beside cowardice, are:

  * Her (I think, empty) threat of suicide or some other kind of violent
    retribution.

  * And that she's kind of stuck here, with no one else besides me,
    because of COVID and XXX's policy on it. I'd like to think that, if
    she had family here, or an easy way of getting home, things would
    have ended a long time ago...but who am I kidding?

* Fortunately for me, we hardly XXX at all, any more. Still some, which
  usually ends up in argument, but not enough to be annoying.

* We go out for a walk most weeks. This usually involves several hours
  of driving and maybe an hour of walking around. If I'm not very
  careful, this time will also include shouting and snapping at me.

* Otherwise, we just watch TV. Not much and, like all of the above,
  there's plenty of scope for her to escalate it into conflict.

She is so easily triggered. Which is ironic, because she's doing this
"non-violent communication" thing at work, which she insists I also
follow without providing any evidence that it actually works. Not to be
dismissive about it, but there are many things I'd rather be doing and
what really strikes me is how violent she's become. The irony would be
amusing if I wasn't in the firing line.

I said it was like a prison. Actually, it's more like being in a cult.
Understandably, I've been in the midst of a depressive episode since
July that I haven't been able to snap out of yet. Work, which I don't
really want to do, and tiredness, from being kept awake too late, don't
really help. Whether I like it or not, I have to avoid all implications
that my parents exist; the stink I got because they sent her a birthday
present just goes to show how insane that situation has become.
Nowadays, I'd rather just stay in bed forever; it's safer.

I've really got to get out, but I know myself. I'm a coward. I won't do
anything and the world will move on without me. In the meantime, she'll
constantly badger me into agreeing to leaving the country -- somehow she
believes emigration to be easy -- but that's my red line. Maybe that
will bring things to a head and I'll finally be free.
