On Friday night, I lied to XXX about picking some laundry off the floor.
Why did I do it? Because I'm terrified of her. So terrified, it doesn't
even occur to me that it's going to be 100x worse if she catches me out.
She caught me out and that was another day ruined by her incandescent
psychodrama.

Don't get me wrong, she had every reason to be angry. As such, I didn't
even argue back: I knew I'd done wrong and I admitted as such, for what
it was worth. Not that this is an excuse, but if you ask me, it's pretty
clear why those in authoritarian societies are incentivised to lie.

What was confusing about this episode was, by Saturday, it's like
nothing had ever happened. It was a relatively peaceful day. I've
noticed this before and I can't work it out. No more than twelve hours
prior I was a "compulsive liar" whom she'll "never trust again", blah
blah blah. The next day, all smiles.

I was going to write this article giving her the benefit of the doubt:
like she actually recognises her bullshit and is actively trying to fix
it. It negatively affects my self-doubt, but -- again, to think of her
in the best positive light -- that's more on me.

But then there are the other things. Like my imprisonment. Or her OCD.
Her economic abuse. Her blind hatred of my parents. They're all just
lurking under the surface, ready to erupt at any time... And guess what?
Obviously things didn't last and erupt they did.

Mum and dad's birthday present to me -- besides the photo of them all
because I miss my family -- was to be a rolling chocolate delivery, once
a fortnight, for a year. I thought that was a nice idea, but when XXX
found out about this by accident, she went absolutely mental. I won't
pain you (or myself) with reliving the details, but suffice to say, I
had to "cancel" the chocolate. She stood over me while I did so to make
sure. Bitch.

The coercive control is one thing. The psychological torture is fucked
up. But it's like she's trying to turn me against my parents. She won't
win. All she's done is pushed me further to finally just getting up and
leaving. I've prepared a bag. I'm not going to take much more of this.

So now I ask myself again: Why did she seem so "normal" on Saturday? I
don't think she deserves the benefit of the doubt, any more.
Possibilities include:

* She's genuinely crazy; schizophrenic, say.
* She's so narcissistic, she cannot she how her behaviour affects me.
* She's just a horrible person, intent on gaslighting me to her whims.
* This is a bit conspiratorial -- I don't believe it, but I wouldn't put
  it passed her either: She's intentionally pushing me to suicide, with
  her abuse, so she can profit from my death (i.e., life insurance).

Well, I hate to break it to her, but I'm not going to kill myself. Not
for her, nor any one. If she thinks she can win against my parents, she
doesn't know me at all. And, if she is actually mentally unwell; well,
then I'm sympathetic, but I can only take so much if she's not going to
help herself.

Fuck her.
