I haven't written anything for a long time. There's very little point.
Part of me hopes that, by writing everything down, I will somehow be
"saved", but obviously that will never happen. I'm a grown man, it's up
to me to save myself from my awful "wife". However, she's worn me down
so much, I barely have the effort to keep myself running day-to-day. I
don't have anyone on my side; I even get the opinion that my family are
-- not giving up on me -- but taking a back seat, so to speak. That
makes sense; despite what XXX thinks, I never thought they were the
interfering type. I wish they knew how much I miss them and my freedom,
though.

In this post, I will write down the "rules" under which I have to live.
It will take me a while to write, as it's hard to remember every little
thing. I will also take this opportunity to write down how I wilfully
defy these rules, insofar as I can get away with. As I've said before,
it's remarkable how unobservant she is. This is the only thing I've got
left, to maintain whatever remains of me.

# The Rules

The "golden" rule is really that _none_ of these rules are set in stone.
They can be bent by XXX at any moment, subtly or otherwise, to fit with
whatever she's being neurotic about at any given time. They can even be
permanently bent, with the claim that "they were always like this".
What's written here are more "general themes", no matter how specific
they may seem, with examples to try to make their extremism clearer.

## Communication

The only guaranteed strategy to abide by these rules would be to never
say anything. That's an option I seriously consider from time-to-time
and often do what I can to keep thoughts to myself. This is hardly
practical, for one, and goes against my (I assume: everyone's) natural
compunction to express myself.

* **Never** phrase something in such a way that it could be taken as an
  accusation or that she is somehow to blame. Even when she is at fault,
  you cannot do this. Any negativity is interpreted as a profoundly
  personal attack and will be fought against, tooth-and-nail, without
  any kind of critical thinking or self-awareness.

  * A corollary to this rule is that it is generally advisable to use
    the impersonal second person pronoun; "one", rather than "you", even
    though no one outside the Royal family speaks like this day-to-day.

  * If she _has_ done something that deserves criticism, bite your
    tongue and suck it up. It's just easier that way.

* Don't entertain hypotheticals, or indulge in thought experiments. This
  _always_ ends badly, because -- despite them being clearly based in
  imagination -- they are always interpreted as being grounded in
  reality, which ends up confusing her. Confusion generally leads to
  impatience and anger, so whatever point you were trying to convey will
  just get lost and overridden with an argument.

  (Similar to this is speaking in general terms. She deals in laser
  precision, even if the more general point is valid and useful.)

* If you go off on a tangent, don't be surprised when that tangent takes
  over an argument -- often infuriating her further -- and needs to be
  fully resolved before returning to the original point. This will take
  hours of your life, because you'll ultimately just have to concede
  anyway (see next point). Sometimes it seems that she's baiting you
  into tangents. I cannot say whether this is intentional or not, but
  don't bite!

* You cannot win an argument, even if you are 100% in the right. The
  best one can achieve is a "war of attrition" state, whereby things go
  around in circles and nothing progresses or resolves. She will _never_
  concede, so ultimately you have to give up for practical reasons
  (e.g., it's 5am, your voice is shot and you need to work the next
  day).

* Despite her protestations to the contrary, she is just as passive
  aggressive, insulting and undermining as she claims I am in an
  argument. (I admit that when she clearly hasn't been listening to me
  for hours, then I will lose my temper and become sarcastic and passive
  aggressive. I would never openly insult or undermine her, though).

* Do not accuse her of shouting, even when she clearly is. Do not accuse
  her of not listening, even when she clearly isn't.

I'm no expert, but I think this is textbook narcissism.

## "Contamination"

Similarly, the only guaranteed strategy to abide by these rules would be
to never touch anything. As well as this being, again, impractical, as
I'm expected to do so much (see next section), not breaking rules is
effectively impossible. (Literally impossible, if you take her rules to
their logical conclusion; unless I were to live in a vacuum sealed
bubble.)

This is actually quite difficult to communicate. I believe the core of
these rules consists of two principles that, while true in "normal"
life, to a degree, she has a pathologically exaggerated belief in.

1. **Transmission of contaminants:** It is true that contaminants can be
   transmitted by touch. Handling raw meat, for example, followed by
   other ingredients is a good way to get ill. XXX's rules push this to
   an extreme: _any_ thing that is considered contaminated (see next
   principle) _will_ have its contamination _completely_ (i.e., to the
   same degree) transferred via touch.

   I use "thing", because this is not limited to surfaces or even
   tangible items (solids and liquids). It extends to vapours and the
   _potential_ for vapour. Similarly, "touch" is not limited to hands;
   it means _any_ part of the body.

2. **Hierarchy of contaminants:** Again, it is true that contaminants
   pose different levels of risk. This is exactly why one washes their
   hands after handling raw meat. XXX's rules narrow the boundaries of
   what's an acceptable risk to a very tight window. _Anything_ outside
   that window is approximately equivalent to industrial toxic waste.

These rules manifest themselves in _many_ situations, which may be a
better way of illustrating them, rather than trying to get to their
core. For example:

* The floor is verboten. I don't use that word lightly. Anything on the
  floor -- including our feet -- is outside the aforementioned window.
  Also, by "floor", I mean the floor inside our home, the floor of any
  building, the pavement or street, the countryside; anywhere that one
  can step foot on.

  Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not about to start eating food from the
  ground. However, if I were to drop something, I'd pick it up (if I am
  out of her observation). If that something were in a wrapper, I would
  carefully discard the wrapper and consider the contents fine in most
  cases. If she were to drop something, she will not pick it up and she
  will forbid me from picking it up. This is littering (although see
  above about biting ones tongue). Our home is littered with her debris.
  On more than one occasion -- while she claims to not like doing so --
  she has littered outside. Being party to this fills me with immense
  shame.

  Because of the somewhat essential necessity of interfacing with the
  ground, this comes up often. For example, it's the reason I'm forced
  to wear slippers -- bear feet or socks will, sooner or later, end up
  in bed -- even though I find them constricting and uncomfortable.
  Anyway, I'll cover more specific instances of this in separate points,
  below.

* Bins are also out of the question. Now, I would of course agree that
  if you touch a bin, then it's best to wash your hands. However, it is
  eminently possible to use a bin without touching it. Municipal bins
  have large openings, for example. In her opinion, bins are _so_ bad,
  that even getting near to them is problematic. (Note: The inability to
  use public bins exacerbates the littering issue, mentioned above.)

  However, one _must_ use bins. Our home bins are foot-pedal operated,
  but when using those provided for our building, they must be opened by
  hand. Not a problem, you may think, just wash your hands on your
  return. Sweet summer child. Industrial rubber gloves must be worn. It
  turns out that I'm allergic to such gloves, so now the simple act of
  throwing out the rubbish is a two-man operation that has to be
  planned, rather than spontaneous, due to the difficulties in going
  outside (see next point).

* Going outside our home, since COVID, requires so much preparation, it
  is like going on an expedition to an unknown and dangerous land. Where
  do I even begin?

  1. The clothing one wears outside the home cannot be the same used
     inside (remember what I said about vapour?) Outside clothes _can_
     be worn inside, as long as you are very careful not to touch
     anything; i.e., it's possible to get dressed, as long as no part of
     the clothing touches the dreaded floor, but you cannot sit down.

  2. Anything that needs to be touched (e.g., door handles, gates, etc.)
     requires gloves. Not the industrial ones, just light latex gloves,
     which I'm also allergic to. Hence I am not able to go out of our
     home alone.

     (Note that this is not _quite_ true: Despite being pourous and thus
     completely useless against contamination -- I do realise it's all
     theatre, by the way -- disposable cotton gloves are permitted. I am
     not allergic to these, but because they're expensive, they are
     rationed to whenever I need to fetch her deliveries from the mail
     room or whenever I need to pump petrol for the car. I also bought
     myself some leather gloves, as a more permanent alternative -- so I
     can go out freely -- but I've so far been too scared of attempting
     to negotiate their use with her.)

  3. Masks are required. This is fine; I don't have a problem with
     wearing a mask to protect against COVID, even if I've been heavily
     vaccinated and it's on the wane (in a manner of speaking). However,
     if we expect any interaction, FFP2 masks are required (for the
     extremely rare close-contact -- i.e., just vaccinations -- FFP3
     masks are required). This seems a little excessive, but not a huge
     problem.

     More problematic is the need to wear additional face covering when
     any interaction is expected. Up until recently, this has meant a
     full face visor -- and this is still the case in close-contact
     situations -- but has relaxed a bit to sunglasses or fake glasses
     in other situations. Both of which are hard to see out of at night
     and/or when they've fogged up because of the mask. As well as being
     impractical, this is completely unnecessary: the risk of COVID
     transmission through the eyes is incredibly low.

  4. I mentioned pumping petrol. This needs to be done occasionally when
     we go out and follows a very rigid procedure:

     * My credit card, which sits wrapped in latex gloves on our floor,
       is put into my left pocket before we leave. (Incidentally, I
       don't know how this skirts the "floor is verboten" rule. Did I
       mention how inconsistent these rules are?) We also ensure that a
       cotton glove is available in the car.

     * We are limited to self-service petrol stations, which are usually
       operated by supermarkets. (This is not a problem, but one has to
       plan accordingly. It also means that the car hasn't been properly
       cleaned for years, because self-service car washes aren't a
       thing.)

     * Upon arrival at the petrol station: XXX will extract my credit
       card from my pocket and pass it to me through her open window.

     * I operate the card machine and pump the petrol with a gloved
       hand. (Wearing a mask, of course.)

     * When complete, I return the card to XXX, who will put it back in
       the latex gloves. I also carefully peel off the cotton glove, for
       it to be disposed of in the bowels of our backseat.

     * The engloved card goes back in my pocket and both our hands are
       doused in alcoholic hand sanitiser.

     * Upon our return, the card goes back to its corner on the floor.

  5. What happens when we return is also a very rigid procedure. I'm
     wary of writing it down because it has changed at least three
     times, even though XXX insists it has always been this way. This is
     the current procedure, for me, as I understand it:

     * Shoes replaced with slippers.

     * If carrying them: car keys deposited in their usual
       "contaminated" area. Other things (e.g., phone) need to be placed
       in an easily cleaned area, for later "decontamination".

     * Lock door.

     * Wash hands.

     * Remove (and, if necessary, dispose of) face mask.

     * Carefully remove all outside clothing. It _can_ be reused: in
       which case, it must be carefully hung up such that any touch with
       other clothing is minimised. (XXX is generally not happy with
       this, but reluctantly concedes.) When clothing needs to be
       washed, it goes in the "nuking" laundry bin (see later).

       Outside clothing is basically everything besides underwear.

     * Wash hands, again.

     * Shower.

     * Decontaminate any items that were taken outside. This usually
       involves wiping them down with disinfectant wipes and even
       alcohol swabs, as well as cleaning the surface they were sitting
       on.

  Note that this isn't restricted to going out, as in "on a trip". Any
  instance of leaving our home requires the procedure to be followed.
  That includes things like throwing away the rubbish and fetching
  deliveries.

  **tl;dr** We don't go out much. Even when it's required, like to visit
  the doctor, etc.

* Deliveries -- mail, parcels, takeaways and groceries -- come from the
  outside and are thus "contaminated". They need to be dealt with in
  different ways:

  * Mail is put into one of three mail bins, which rotate. In theory,
    this mail is extracted after 11 days (don't ask "Why 11?") However,
    we get so little mail, that this usually doesn't happen and one mail
    bin gets over-filled.

    This has led to us missing important mail, which needed to be dealt
    with immediately. As such, now important-looking mail is opened when
    we fetch it, to check. The contents, even though clearly generated
    by a machine, are also considered contaminated. They thus either get
    put into the shred pile (i.e., not important), or put aside where
    nobody can easily access them (i.e., making it difficult to act
    upon).

  * Parcels are "quarantined" for 11 days. Often XXX will open her
    parcels ahead of schedule, but will wear gloves to do so. I avoid
    getting parcels for this (and other) reasons (see later). Having
    parcels sent to you by third parties (e.g., gifts) is completely
    disallowed.

    In the rare event that the courier needs to see you to complete
    delivery, you must first argue with them that this is not possible,
    or capitulate with mask and visor.

    Often, parcels are not delivered to our door, but are instead left
    in the mail room. This is not supposed to happen, but does due to
    the pressures on couriers. Unfortunately, items have been stolen
    from the mail room, so when a delivery is scheduled, we (usually me)
    must be available at a moment's notice to go and fetch it. This is
    incredibly disruptive, due to the aforementioned "leaving our home"
    rules (see above).

  * Takeaways' packaging is considered contaminated, so follows the same
    rules as everything. Their contents are not, so can be dumped on to
    plates. This makes it a two-man job and limits the types of food one
    can deal with in this manner.

  * Groceries are considered contaminated and go into "quarantine" for
    the required 11 days; the bags they come in touch the floor, so are
    permanently verboten.

    Perishables are put into the fridge by XXX -- while I deal with the
    bags -- but are considered contaminated, so _everything_ in the
    fridge is considered contaminated. That is, you cannot get anything
    out of the fridge without preparing somewhere for its contents to
    land and washing hands afterwards. This makes cooking very awkward:
    the best solution I've come up with is to get everything out of the
    fridge at once, hoping I don't forget anything.

    Frozen items are shaken out of their packaging (which is
    contaminated) and into the freezer. Thus the freezer is _not_
    contaminated, but is still difficult to deal with.

    Similar to not wanting to interact with parcel couriers, groceries
    must not contain restricted items, such as alcohol and medicines, to
    avoid this problem.

* There are a number of things that are in everyday use that XXX will
  not touch because I have touched them; the implication being, I think,
  that I am a source of contamination! This includes: the dishwasher,
  which she will not open, load or unload; our bedroom window, which she
  will only open if she has to, with gloves, but usually gets me to do
  it; likewise for our wardrobe.

  A corollary to this is that I _must_ not touch her stuff (e.g., her
  phone, tablet, computer, etc.) For items of hers which I have to touch
  -- e.g., when I'm forced to play XXX -- I _must_ wash my hands before
  doing so and cannot touch _anything_ else (e.g., I can't even put my
  hands on my lap, or sit comfortably).

* She insists on doing the laundry -- her only household chore --
  because I apparently complained too much about doing everything in the
  past. I still do almost everything; I think she _actually_ wants to do
  the laundry herself because of how much hand washing she believes is
  necessary to do so, which I won't abide by. The washing machine is
  considered contaminated -- I don't remember why -- but its contents,
  once washed, are not.

  XXX insists that clothes that are contaminated need to be "nuked".
  That is, run on a 90°C wash. A huge waste of time and energy. (In
  general, XXX does a suboptimal job of the laundry: she's too lazy to
  learn how to operate the machine correctly, so defaults to 3+hr 40°C
  washes, which are then -- several hours after finishing -- bundled on
  to the drying deck in a big heap that never dries.)

* Unlike our neighbours, we have no outside furniture on our balcony.
  This is for two reasons:

  * They are outside, thus a source of contamination, so sitting on them
    would contaminate your clothes. One _could_ orchestrate wearing
    their aforementioned "outside clothes" on the balcony, but it's a
    bit of an awkward juggle. (This is the same reason sitting on grass
    or benches, in the countryside, is not allowed.)

  * The balconies of our building are stacked above each other and
    "porous": when it rains, the rain drips down from above (by design).
    Rain from the floors of the balconies above us is even worse, in her
    view, necessitating furniture being brought inside. Our home is
    small and we do not have the space to store outside furniture
    inside.

* I am not allowed to sit cross-legged in bed, because my feet -- which
  haven't touched the floor, but close enough -- would get too close to
  her side. Similar arguments were made in the past when I made the bed
  by folding the duvet open: the head part of the duvet was too close to
  the foot part.

Again, I'm no expert, but this strikes me as severe contamination
obsessive compulsive disorder.

## Labour, money, time and the divisions thereof

* I am expected to work, to maintain our lifestyle, whether I like it or
  not. XXX does not hold herself to the same expectation, but
  reluctantly chooses to work; often claiming that I'm "forcing" her to
  do so (I'm not), or that she doesn't need to because of her foreign
  wealth (which is illiquid, so besides the point).

* All household expenses are my responsibility, except for the mortgage,
  which we share. I've written about this numerous times in other posts,
  but this is because XXX believes to have paid her debt to our
  lifestyle by acquiring a large cash injection into our home. This is
  true, but as I've written before, if that balance hasn't shifted yet,
  it will do so very soon. (Moreover, XXX has legal claim to more of our
  home, by virtue of said injection, tipping the fairness scale further
  in her favour.)

  All the money she makes, besides furnishing half the mortgage
  payments, she keeps for herself.

* When I changed jobs, I wanted to take a few days extra off in between.
  Less than a week, as is common. This was forbidden because I'd be
  losing us money. When she changes jobs, which she does so regularly,
  she always gives herself a break; the most recent was an entire month.

* All housework -- excluding the aforementioned laundry and a few other
  things that she does entirely for her own benefit -- are my
  responsibility. This includes, but is not limited to:

  * Shopping
  * Cooking and clean-up
  * Vacuuming
  * Bathroom cleaning (hers and mine)
  * Rubbish disposal
  * Driving

  I must attend any of these which aren't done regularly at her request,
  even when it would often be easier and quicker for her to do it
  herself.

* It's not that I'm forbidden from buying things for myself, but the
  aforementioned rules regarding (a) spending money and (b) receiving
  parcels makes it difficult. I have come to second guess myself,
  avoiding buying things that I'd like (or need) because of the
  potential for it to enrage XXX.

* I am not allowed to spend too long in the shower, because it wastes
  water and energy. This came up because I have long hair -- which she
  keeps insisting on cutting; I only assume she doesn't like it, but
  that's her problem -- and it takes a while to wash. Fair enough: I now
  only wash my hair every three days and otherwise take very short
  showers.

  It should be noted that XXX spends far longer in the shower than I
  ever did _every_ single day and otherwise goes through gallons of
  water with excessive hand washing, toilet flushing and washing machine
  usage. She leaves lights and her computer on all the time. If anyone
  is wasting water and energy, it's her. (I should know, as I have to
  pay for it.)

* XXX doesn't like my family, particularly my dad. As such, while she
  doesn't explicitly forbid it, there's always a great deal of tension
  when I attempt to talk with them. I'm obviously not allowed to see
  them, because of her COVID restrictions, and even inadvertently
  reminding her of their existence will cause arguments. I hate this and
  is another source of great shame and low self-esteem, instigated
  solely by her hatred.

* It took a lot of persuasion, but I managed to convince XXX that it was
  a good idea to do some exercise. She permits me up to an hour a week
  on my own, when we go for a walk; at least in the summer. She
  complains about it regularly (i.e., she's wasting her time to allow me
  to do this). It doesn't occur to her how many countless hours of my
  time I've wasted waiting for her or doing things she wants.

* When we spend time doing things together, it's best to allow her to
  decide what to do. This is for two reasons:

  1. She will almost certainly reject your suggestion, usually on some
     triviality.

  2. In the unlikely event that she accepts you suggestion, if it in
     _any_ way displeases her, that will be your fault and there will be
     consequences (anything from sulking to a full-blown fight).

  Even when we do things that are entirely chosen by her, she still
  complains and makes it my fault.

* If we have difference of opinion, values or political differences,
  then best keep them to yourself. Alternative viewpoints will not be
  tolerated and instead fought against (see communication rules, above).

I think all this would be considered coercive control.

# This is crazy! What's wrong with you?

My rational mind realises this is wrong. I do challenge these things
occasionally -- less so, nowadays -- but that tends to make things
worse. Why don't I just leave? I don't know. In the past, I might have
said that I've got too much to lose, or the activation energy required
is too high, or that I know that she's a good person deep down. But
those are just excuses and I deeply regret the amount of life I've
wasted by holding on to them.

## Defiance

This post is called "defiance" because, while I'm not strong enough to
do the right thing and leave, I can -- and do -- actively flaunt as many
of these rules as I can get away with.

* I regularly get things out of the fridge, while I'm cooking, without
  washing my hands afterwards.

* She expects excessive hand washing. Most of the time, I mime it, or at
  least don't use soap (the soap we have is also an allergen; I'd see a
  doctor about it, but I'm not allowed). I wash my hands properly when I
  need to.

* When I can, I will walk around our home without slippers. (Usually
  just the bedroom; I don't think I'd get away with much more.)

* When I'm supposed to decontaminate my phone, I don't. I just wipe the
  table, so it looks like I have.

* Since I've been allowed my own time to exercise, I use this to visit
  shops and cafes -- which would otherwise be disallowed -- using my
  phone for payment. This isn't great for exercise (although I still do
  some) and the novelty is wearing off, but the act of rebellion is
  somewhat satisfying. Also it has proven useful as a means to acquire
  contraband, such as ibuprofen and (very occasionally) alcohol.

It's not much, but it's all I've got.

---

**Edit** The following items were either forgotten, when I first wrote
this, or add clarity:

* Clarification: I originally wrote this at the end of a break from
  work. Upon returning to work, I became anxious and profoundly
  depressed, making me almost forget/forgive her. Work isn't toxic, like
  our relationship, but it doesn't interest me and is far removed from
  my values. This is another reason I'm stuck in this endless loop.

* Forgot: I must wash hands between opening the dishwasher and before
  unloading it. (I either unload it when she's not paying attention,
  which is often, or mime washing my hands.)

* Forgot: During her period, we are even more restricted than usually.
  Obviously public conveniences are off for her, so that means no
  exercise for me, if we even go out at all; we're often completely
  grounded for a week. Her limitations, in general, will always affect
  me, because I'm not allowed out alone.

* Forgot: Her rules can and will be bent when she wants to do something,
  no matter how trivial, that runs afoul of them. Nothing I want, no
  matter how important, will be able to bend them.

* Forgot: Mistakes will not be tolerated. Any infraction on these rules
  will be met with fury.

* Forgot: When we get to the car, we must soak our hands in alcoholic
  hand sanitiser, even though she has opened all the intervening doors
  with gloves and I have touched literally nothing. (I always mime this;
  sometimes I give myself a tiny bit of gel, for appearances.)

* Forgot: Complaining about anything, even if it's got nothing remotely
  to do with her, will not be tolerated. She is, of course, free to
  complain and whine as much as she wants.

* Forgot: ~Her hatred of my family means I cannot mention them; even
  acknowledging their existence is dangerous. When I speak with them --
  which is rare, for the aforementioned reason -- I am not to talk about
  her in any way.~

  (I already covered this, above. The rules are so complex and asinine
  that I can't even keep them in my head when I'm writing them out!)

* Forgot: Dinner must be made on her schedule. This usually means having
  it quite early, which interferes with my normal work day. (In fact,
  everything must be done on her schedule, which is usually "right now,
  whether I like it or not".)

* Forgot: I cannot get up too early and it's preferred that I stay up as
  late as her. This isn't enforced -- I often fall asleep earlier than
  she emerges from the bathroom -- but it generally messes with my
  Circadian rhythm and makes me extremely tired most of the time.

* Forgot: Food must be consumed one day before the expiry date, even for
  foods where the expiry doesn't matter (e.g., rice). (I ignore almost
  all of these and base it on the sniff-test.)

* Theory: I don't have any evidence for this, besides my gut, but I get
  the feeling -- when we do things that I actually enjoy -- she will
  sideline them, reducing the opportunity for me to enjoy them. This
  sounds a bit conspiratorial, so I'm not asserting this, but I am
  tempted to try to measure this...

* Clarification: That said, it is certainly true that when she becomes
  bored with things -- be it food, activities or locations -- they will
  be ruled out, often with a fight. It is up to me, apparently, to fill
  in the gap with something new.

* Forgot: Before playing XXX, the surface on which the XXX sits must be
  heavily cleaned with antiseptic wipes. (Mercifully, I'm not allowed to
  do this, so she does it.)

* New rule: I mentioned that I wasn't allowed to touch my clothing when
  we play XXX, because that would contaminate the XXX. This means I have
  to sit uncomfortably for several hours, which kills my back. A new
  rule has surfaced in the meantime: I'm not even allowed to touch my
  hair, or put my hands on my head, for the same reason.

  I understand that her XXX are precious to her -- that's fine -- but
  not at my expense. There is nothing "contaminated" about my clothing
  or hair that will do her XXX any harm whatsoever.

* Clarification: I mentioned she litters our home, making it sound
  accidental. That's true, but she also treats the floor as a bin
  whenever she cannot easily fit things into it. She will not push
  rubbish down in the bin, but will wilfully discard it all over the
  floor.

* Consequence: As I said, the floor is verboten. If _any_ consumable
  touches the floor, it _must_ be thrown away. This happens most often
  with toilet paper, which she goes through at an astounding rate even
  when entire rolls aren't thrown away. Less frequently, this happens
  with other things, but it does happen.

* Forgot: I'm expected to be able to reliably predict the future.
  Failure to do so will result in anger or an argument. In the event
  that she correctly predicts the future -- by luck -- and I do the
  opposite, for good reason, then there will be Hell to pay.

* Forgot: Being stuck in traffic is my fault.

* Forgot: Generally, while driving, I'm apparently to defer to her
  judgement. I don't claim to be a good driver, but with 20 years
  experience -- compared to her zero years -- I feel that I have a bit
  more authority on the subject. Nonetheless, even when she suggests
  risky manoeuvres, I must comply.

  For someone so risk averse, I find this rule completely crazy. A one
  tonne vehicle travelling at 100kmph, piloted by someone who is
  distracted by her rage, seems infinitely more risky that getting
  something out of the fridge.

* Forgot: We cannot use the motorway, unless we have to. Apparently,
  this rule has either changed or relaxed to: we cannot use the motorway
  on the way home.

* Forgot: I cannot refer to anywhere that she enjoys as "the
  countryside", even if it is clearly the countryside.

* Forgot: The contamination OCD is _not_ a pandemic thing. Before COVID,
  I had to do similar things whenever I returned from the doctor or
  hospital.

* Forgot: The only correct semantics of words are those she knows and
  understands. If I say something that can be interpreted in a different
  way, then expect an argument. (i.e., One needs to be able to read her
  mind to be able to communicate safely.) Semantics are always in her
  favour.

* Forgot: Despite being paranoid about food expiry dates, she seems to
  be completely cavalier when it comes to the expiry dates on surgical
  masks. Like I said, it's all theatre.

* Forgot: I must wait for her, regardless of how long she takes. The
  second she has to wait for me, I'm in trouble.

* Forgot: She claims to have a photographic memory, but regularly gets
  facts and details wrong. In such cases, one must bite their tongue and
  just agree with her.

* Forgot: One must not pass her if the space to do so is, approximately,
  one metre or narrower.

* Forgot: If she needs assistance, with anything, no matter how trivial,
  I must drop everything I am doing and help her immediately. This
  applies at all times, even if I'm in the middle of work.

* Forgot: Hoarding of things, just because they're on sale, is a "good
  idea". Even perishables. When things inevitably go out of date and
  need throwing away (see above rule), then I'm to think of the savings
  made (!)

* Forgot: Accepting generosity from others is fine. Returning the favour
  is generally not allowed; especially if it involves spending money.

* Forgot: Due to the way that XXX does the laundry, it is difficult for
  me to have my bed linens washed; they take up so much space, yet have
  to uncompromisingly work around the regular laundry, which never dries
  because of the way it's hung by her. (I cannot launder them myself,
  which I always used to, because I'd have to occupy drying space that
  she wants and that will cause trouble. If she hung the laundry
  properly, like I did for so many years, we'd never have this
  problem...but I'm not allowed to make such suggestions.) Moreover, I'm
  limited to just a few sets, because she uses several at once -- which,
  I should add, get washed whenever they accidentally touch the floor;
  i.e., often -- or I'm forbidden use of because they're "her's". The
  upshot is that my bed linens get changed twice a _year_, around the
  change of the clocks.

* Forgot: This doesn't happen often, but whenever we move into somewhere
  new -- even if it's never been previously occupied -- it has to have
  its kitchen cupboards "deep cleaned" with antiseptic wipes.

* Forgot: Never ask her to do things for you/us. If, by some miracle,
  she does, she will use it transactionally for as long as possible.

  For example, when we lived in XXX, I asked if she could pick up some
  fish for dinner, because I couldn't get to the fishmonger before it
  closed. (By the way, this is yet more evidence that I started taking
  over the cooking responsibilities much earlier than she claims.)
  Anyway, she whinged that this was some kind of terrible hardship for
  _years_ afterwards.

  Similarly, don't let her do you "favours": she's not unkind, but she
  will not let you forget even the smallest thing she's supposedly
  "sacrificed" for you.

  Of course, as I said above, I must do everything she asks, without
  delay or complaint.

* Forgot: This is completely petty, but it is apparently my
  responsibility to refill our water jugs. The reason I mention it is
  because, when I don't do it, she becomes completely enraged, which is
  just crazy.

  She claims she does fill them, which is obviously bullshit or
  they wouldn't become empty. So I refill the one she uses exclusively,
  straight from the tap. (Not that there's anything wrong with our tap
  water, but she expects filtered.) She's never noticed the difference.

---

**Edit** There are probably more things I've forgotten, but you get the
point. After a week of hell, as I write this, I give up. There's
seemingly nothing I can do.
