ME

> I don't understand [INAUDIBLE] You really...you just [SIGH] I wasn't
> criticising you, XXX. I was just saying... Gosh. I don't even know
> what I was-- I wasn't [SIGH] Just forget [COUGH] forget I even said
> it. The last thing I would do is criticise you or suggest otherwise,
> 'cause I know you don't like it hear and you want to do something
> else. I'm fine with doing other things, but I didn't mean to
> suggest... Look, what I wanted to... My point was that, [SIGH] I
> dunno, that variety is better than doing the same thing all the time.
> I'm not saying that variety is like a absolute kind of requirement
> and, if you've looked for other things and haven't found anything--

XXX

> I already told you that before I suggested this!

ME

> Yes, alright, fine--

XXX (angry)

> I already told you repeatedly that I can't find anything to do for
> that weekend.

ME

> Yeah, alright, fine. Understandable. But that doesn't mean you have to
> kind of start going into this mode. This--

XXX (very angry)

> Yeah. Because you said... You asked me a question I cannot answer. You
> said, "Don't you want to do something different?" I can't find
> anything to do for that weekend!

ME

> It's not a... It wasn't a request. It was... It was a rhetorical
> question, if anything. I didn't mean to suggest that you're not doing
> the right thing or--

XXX (very angry)

> I'm already doing my best to find things to do!

ME

> I know you are! I know you are. I didn't say you weren't. I... I
> really don't know why you got this impression that I was criticising
> you or... or... or suggesting you weren't doing enough. I didn't mean
> to suggest that at all. [PAUSE] I'm sorry it came across that way, but
> I really didn't mean it that way. You know, I know how you... how much
> you dislike it here and how much it means to find something useful to
> do. I wouldn't do anything to kind of go against that. That would be
> like shooting myself in the foot. Why would I do that? I didn't... I
> don't do that to... It was just... It was just a... It was an offhand
> comment. It wasn't meant as a kind of criticism or anything.

XXX

> A comment must mean something, right? I can't just ignore your
> comment.

ME

> I just. I just told you what it meant. I meant--

XXX

> You meant variety is better, but then I said, "Why don't you suggest
> something?" And you said you suggest things but I turn them down.

ME

> You do, but that's--

XXX

> Yes, but did you suggest anything for that weekend? You didn't.

ME

> No, alright, but like I said, I'm... I'm... You know, I've had a kind
> of quite a hectic weekend and, well, more than a weekend, quite a
> hectic last four days, but if... if... if it would help, I can have a
> look now. I--

XXX (angry)

> I told you to have a look, you said you didn't want to have a look!

ME

> No, no, no--

XXX (very angry)

> And you kept on pushing me!

ME

> I wasn't pushing you.

XXX (very angry)

> You said... First of all you said, "Why don't you... You don't want to
> do something different." I said, "I kind of have had a look, I can't
> find anything."...

(ME)

> No

XXX (very angry)

> ...If you want to suggest something, you can suggest something. And
> then you said you suggested things, but I turn them down, but that
> wasn't for that weekend...

(ME)

> No, sure.

XXX (very angry)

> ...and I said, "How about you have a look to see what we can do for
> that weekend." And you said, "I'm too tired to look for it now."...

(ME)

> Yes, and--

XXX (very angry)

> ...and you keep on pushing me!

ME

> No. Calm down. What I said... Yes, I did say I was too tired to look,
> but I'm also... I don't want this... this argument, which is sort of
> conjured up out of nothing to continue. It's silly. I'm happy... happy
> if it will help. I'm happy to look for something to do that weekend,
> if you're... but... but also, as I keep on reiterating, the last
> thing I meant is that we *should* do something that different that
> weekend. I'm just suggesting that doing different... doing different
> things is fine. You know that. And... but if nothing is available,
> then nothing's available.

XXX (angry)

> I already told you as a prerequisite. I told you... I've been telling
> you five times today that we don't have anything to do for that
> weekend.

ME

> Yes, I know you did. So what?

XXX (angry)

> So, I... That means I can't find anything.

ME

> Yeah, fine.

XXX (angry)

> Pushing me towards the end... end... is not... towards the edge is not
> going to work.

ME

> I didn't. I... I'm sorry if you took it that way, but the last thing I
> would do is push you towards the edge. I'm not trying to push you... I
> don't know why you would think I was doing that.

XXX (very angry)

> 'Cause I've already tried my best to look for things!

ME

> [SIGH] I know you have.

XXX (very angry)

> And if you tell me that you want something different you gotta have to
> suggest something...

(ME)

> Yes

XXX (very angry)

> ...and then you told me that you don't want to do it.

ME

> I just told you I will do it, if that's... if that... if that'll end
> this--

XXX (very angry)

> Yes!

ME

> OK, let me go and get my laptop then. [PAUSE] It won't take long. And
> you might be... and... no, I'm sure you are right, there is nothing to
> do that weekend, but... which is fine... I... Like I keep on saying, I
> didn't mean to suggest that we *must* do something different. Why
> would I do that? [PAUSE] Here, let me have a look. But like I said,
> I'm sure you're right and there isn't anything to do, but if it will
> help I'll have a look. [PAUSE] But I really wasn't criticising you,
> XXX. And I'm sorry you took it that way. [PAUSE] The reason why I said
> I didn't want to look the first time is because I have done a lot
> t--... well not just this weekend, all... all... not just today, I
> mean, all weekend and I feel like I deserve a little bit of a break,
> but... but, you know, I'd rather... [SIGH] If this well help, then
> that's good, 'cause I don't want you to be... I don't want you to be
> upset about nothing. [DISTRACTED: Oh God! Hold on a second... Turn
> everything off, otherwise...] Which one is it? The 21st and the 22nd?

XXX

> I've already booked the thing at XXX for... on the 22nd.

ME

> So, the 21st? OK, let me have a look-see. [PAUSE] I mean, like I keep
> on saying, you're probably absolutely right that there actually isn't
> anything to do, but, you know... For... For... For sake of, like,
> um... [PAUSE] What's a good website to look at? XXX or XXX or
> something like that [MUMBLES]...

XXX

> I have already had a look at all of these things.

ME

> Let me have a look. Just search by date, then...

XXX

> [SIGH]

{8m87s}
